hi boing
hello bot
.tag nuclear monkey | hitler
tag added.
success
.q add decrepus if my tags and quotes dont import i am going ai on discord
quote added.
.q
.q <#372490951391838221>
no quotes found for that user.
i have not implemented that functionality yet
.q decrepus
[1/1] (24/01/18 22:40)
decrepus: if my tags and quotes dont import i am going ai on discord
.tag decrepus decrepus
tag added.
now scrape all of the quotes from the irc bot
thats phase 2
don't worry, i will now backstab marignon, giving your roboself the edge it needs
only for atlantis to stab me
and then around it goes
its hard out here for a lizard
<@233383745779007499>
.tag nevermore never hits a shadowraze
tag added.
power overwhelming
robot shat?
did ai ragha already attack you?
i will at least import every kevin quote
wooo
.help
commands:
.q add <name> <quote>: add a quote to someone.
    or: .q add <long name> | <quote>
.q <name> [<idx>]: retrieves a random quote from someone, optionally indexed by a number.
.tag <name> <tag>: adds a tag to someone.
    or: .tag <long name> | <tag>
.tags <name>: shows the tags for someone.
.tagged <tag>: shows everyone with this tag.
me and lemuria are still dancing on the knife's edge of that final, climatic battle.
that looks...aggressive
i will give it a go
try to find jag tribe asap so you can use their shamans to make jag toads imo
woodhenge also suffice
i do not like the look of the toads, they are disgusting to my sight
but i can't think of anything else in ma that is calling my name to play
great feature: assuming you somehow live to conj 5, wayob can all make monster toads for 2 gems each
tfw your mage refuses his scripting and decides to cast mind burn over and over again on mindless units
scraping irc quotes is going to be tedious and error prone.
forget the existing quotes imo
help! im being stabbed in the back by the worlds smallest knife (also i am obese)
a new beginning for goonkind
is it up
i can probably get like 2-3 more people to play idk
.tagged hitler retard betrayer
hitler retard betrayer: nobody.
i want to be ma machaka
i have the brain damage
fresh opportunities abound.
ok bugsquash i deserved that
dunno, not sure if foolofsound even lives
i am taking those back tho
ma machaka is great
extracting data from skybot without access to the underlying instance is a bit of a pain apparantly
play them, lose quickly, never get into the micro heavy late game
bing bong so simple
i was gonna write an irc bot that just spams the irc with skybot commands
might be easier to just manually .tags people who are know active discorders
wtb hoburg faction of money grubbers
every mage is a master alchemist
and dumps them into nevermore's xml
i won a blitz as them with a random press r and start god
oh skybot also replaces names in peoples letters with weird symbols
yeah fuck scraping that
they will never cast mind burn on mindless conot i think
i might be wrong on that but p sure they will not even try
.tagged the new samog
the new samog: nobody.
.tag samog the new samog
tag added.
:)
good bot
bad bot
how are you handling image tags
just urls, or will discord try to interpret them
it has an internal cooldown on ancillary messages like that so it doesnt spam the chat <@178868273935417344>
:(
but it does respond to bad bot.
lol
remember to import homero functionality
i have no idea how images work
hm i might play a blitz today
let the chat ring with 'i think you mean animã©'
...wait i have like three turns to finish probably
ma?
ok i think i got 1 or 2 of my retarded dominions friends to play
first i have to make it shame self quoters
i wanna be ashdad
im also trying to implement arbitrary-order markov chain functionality from scratch
jesus christ
but now its at least logging this chat to create a corpus
ma machakas pretender roster
is so bad
this is 2018
oh yeah
it is
it should be logging all chat messages to an aws lambda then using natural language processing to spit back nonesense
ma
you want recurrent neural networks right
so we have ashdad
machaka
@conot you joining up
that'll be 4
<@!160127200803160064>
it might actually be easier, i've got a lstm written in tensorflow somewhere already
serverless, baby
i took slow aging bless so all of my sacred old mages are spry young 30 year olds
also fyi the latest cool trend is edge computing
wtf is that
too bad i got fucked in the ass by tien'chi!
yo
i'm joining
well we had cloud computing, which was mainframes
now we're back to edge computing, which is local pcs
i may just be abysia again ugh i am so indecisive
so
'normal computing'
we're on
'computing'
disruptive.
and so the remote -> local -> remote processing cycle enters it's fourth or fifth iteration
the ubiquitous cloud computing craze may not be long for this world if venture capitalist peter levine is right. the andreessen horowitz general partner said that as more computing capabilities move to so-called "edge" devices, including anything from driverless cars and drones to the boundless devices that make up the internet of things (iot), the cloud will slowly evaporate.
technically markov chains for text generation are a form of natural language processing.
the cloud isn't real
aws lambdas are basically rpc all over again
i dont want an internet of things
i just want an internet on my pc
can someone try connecting to make sure it works
100.34.123.193
port 7777
it works
your pc is a thing bithc
you can judge whether or not a person works in it based on how they respond to "the internet of things"
thank you based extremely huge heavy cav provinces
if it's a scowl or a cringe, they are it
for protecting me from the terror of scales patala
lmao
if it's a gleeful laugh at how many security holes these fucking things have, it's a qa
ill be marignon
40 turn cata?
i had guys on manlifts updating our lightning fixtures
is the internet of things when a criminal can hack my fridge
yes
theres legit a throne
and then a chain of 3 heavy cav province
because the piece of shit lights had a nasty hole
stopping patala from rushing me
l m a  o
and were trying desperately to go join a botnet
lol
random events common, enabled story events because why not
and on the other side of the chain of heavy cav
is another throne
jsoh is this in la nights
ye
self replicating lightbulb based botnets are the future
if so be assured i am not rushing you
peace in our time
yeah you cant fucker
i have no opinion on cata
heavy cav to the rescue
if i wanted i probably would be assassinating the commanders r/n
peace in our time
i have just walked over all of the indies and lost two total troops so far
though i honestly did not check this turn
so it may have increased to three, or even four
.q add jsoh thank you based extremely huge heavy cav provinces
for protecting me from the terror of scales patala
quote added.
la owns its turn 5 and i have as much income as my turn 25 rus
jsoh you should fight ctis imho
my provs are poor as shit and terrible
oh scales patala
mine are absolutely fkin atrocious mainly
i get it.
i am the historical vikings who will be unruly and invasive because we live in a shithole and you dont
literally 1-3000 pop garbage
saem
i have three chokepoints sort of
i was going to immediately attack the person above me
but im also not gonna get more than 12
but its the one fucking nation that can hurt me
so rip
i fucked up my expansion twice
lol
alright start uploadin' pretenders
because its heavy cav everywhere wtf
done
lol if you lose a single troop to heavy cav
or take an affliction
wtf boing why are you taking provinces so close to my cap then
boing please do not say things like this to thirsty scales patala, the brutallest nation
bugger off with yuor dog
which thirsty is this
all
boing is my natural ally. our dogs will sniff eachother and be fast friends
all kinds
i have seized the high value provinces that are not my cap circle
also done
ill join if you timetravel 2 hours nito the past or make me have the day off tomorrow
with my powerful dog, while my idiot lizards smash into the same heavy cav province over and over again
are you doing the thicc lizards
because uhh
any nation that is even slightly worse than me is a natural ally
dont send them at heavy cav
the others are foes from the off
im going to get an early throne with tien chi, or ruin my expansion
literally 100% of the provinces in my cap circle are heavy cav
scales patala vs the world
wooow
im just hoping one of these swamps has an exposed gold mine or some shit
alas
4 people in
i think la ctis with fucked up expansion is maybe even weaker
or im going to be fucked if my third neighbor can also resist me
who we waiting on
also epic that i am next to the lighting bird throne that i will never take
no he has lazer dog
my pretender is done
yes the dog is powerful
oh you ahev a server up
i would have already attacked him if he didnt
im joining now
<@96715337440952320> i am excited to hear how your patala does
did you make a carto map
rando
not good i think but mercs are very useful for taking provinces for other people to take eventually
i will predict meksivik
dead by year three
@ me when turn 1 is up
scales patala wins by not being the first eliminated
if you die before scales patala, just remember that you are worse than that
ie every other monkey faction in that comedy awful dom 4 game
last call for blitz we got 5 ready to go
lanka and quadbless kailasa no match for the chakram
wait monkey you are totally in 172 rite
lemme know when you are ready cryle i think we will start when you are done
i don't know what 172 is
im not looking at it i am work
a forest with three river connections
no two
oops
ready
if it's a really fucked up piece of shit area with forests and swamp and rivers all over yeah that sme
i clicked on something or pressed something once that made a popup of province info appear with like a little paragraph of what the land type is and what connections it has
and have not been able to find it since
!details lanights

will take a second to generate and download map
who is agartha
also, guess what scales i took as utgard
cold 3? lol of course not
why do that when i could take heat 2 for 40 extra points? this plan could not backfire horribly as i am stuck in the middle of the fucking forested riverlands
can laserdog take this province
that province looks scary
also very rich
extremely.
that looks alarming
look at all those towns
is that hoburgdorf
that province is probably worth more than half of my land
all together
did you use carto
at alt4 he can do it probs
i have a longdead/ghouls/longdead horse province in my cap circle
its extremely sad
no just random
or if you attack from a lot of candles
it has 3 of his candles
im gonna do it from 2 candles.
everyone recieving the map image okay?
lol if your cap circle isn't pretty much solid longdead / ghouls / shit hole swamp
its in a forest so i think i might send a serpent priest along with my prophet to banihs it
i got them high upload speeds
for ez site search
it could go bad if they heroically do not route
yeah, got it
it actually went fast for the first time ever
leave laser dog in the very back corner and let the cav come to her probably
i will stand in one corner of the map so that if i rout i can waddle to the edge of the map
yeah
i got a second monitor rdy to go for maximum dom blitz chat
i recently got real human internet speeds
oh and people were saying lances are fucked up again
hmm i guess i can send a theurg too
multiple megabits
on the cyberspace
to try to find siteafter slaying million skeletons
can someone test and see if they reintroduced the lance charge bug by capping lance bonus based on str
still downloading here
cause that would be illwinter as fuck
whats the bug
light lances were getting full charge damage every turn supposedly
maybe also real lances?
lol
blank screen for me after selecting my nation
i didn't test and it's from idiots so maybe they are wrong or running an old version
it made cav nearly worth 46 rec each
indie strength set to 4, magic site rarity upped to 60
dling map image
i'm not 100% it was true
i think i in now
soon to be dling winter map image
the new bug jbrereton
from this version. someone with the game take light cav sacred and attack into heavy cav
and look at log
i will probably see this in a turn or two in surrounded
aka game of slander and recriminations
i jsut tested with 13 barbarian heavy horse
and none of them hit somebody more than once with a lance
what about light lance was it getting charge every time
that's the one they capped
they capped both
lance is strength extra as cap
light is half strength as cap
does that make xibalba spearbats really bad
<@120675876043096066> lets do this
everyone in their first turn?
does that bless help if they are recruit as elderly?
yes but they were already much worse than club ones
just about to take it
still dl'ing
ok odne
it made them more bad than they already were
on winter image mukip?
yeah
im in
ok light lance is not hitting any extra charge bonuses
just being used as a regular weapon after charge
ok good i will call this person a retard
oh lmao
it's zonk
:zonk:
were they specifically talking about sacreds
b/c im just using barbarian light horsies
maybe its broke for sacred
can you just copy the text of his post
light lance is the same weapon used by everyone pretty much
and first done done :toot:
<@120675876043096066> where ya at
ya weapons is weapons
ma blitz - ashdod, xibalba, marignon, r'leyh and machaka
taking bets now
rlyeh because it will put up bot and assassinate everything until everyone goes ai
send me your bitcoins giving 10:1 on xibalba
yeah its jsut
depends how old
sometimes
mekone, though, no
5 bonus damage on the charge and nothing else special at all zonks a dipshit
grats to the guy who presumably started next to what appears to be no less than 10 farmlands
its kind of silly that after a dude misses his charge
i hope someone started at 18
, 3 times ,
ashdod wins hands down
just farmland farmland throne farmland
his next try has 5 bonus damage
awake quickness blood surge done
oh i thought it lost the damage bonus if you miss
nah
haha
you keep the bonus damage until you hit something
just waiting on <@120675876043096066>
not all bad though, i started with construction 1
i started with
conj 1 enchantment 1
not bad
thaum, conj, alt, evoc and constr 1
will prophetizing a holy 2 guy get me a better prophet, r do they need h3
h3
h2 will just become a h3, h3 will become a h4, etc
i bet all of my bitcoins on them, and if they do not win i proclaim them bad
h3+ = +1 to holy
jerek is in a different game
<@!169456837236621312> jokes on you
they're probably gonna stale!!
which is impressive, in a blitz
.q add boing im the best
.tags boing
what the
what is their password
they are running next level advanced strats
gimme all your bitcoin nuclear
hah
that involve more than bless attack close
he said he would be here but alas
lmao
destroyed
a powerful feature
just messaged him
the blitz curse strikes again
wonder what their bless is
our contenders
nevermore is a good quote bot name btw
ban jerek
hes a good bot
jerek, playing dolphin
i am going to call him
ok i tested the exact situation zonk is claiming to be bugged
strong epithet game
and the result is: zonk is a retard
incoming
wooooo
curse broken
did u take uttervast
and sink all of your points in
uttervast is a pro ma strat
also somewhat appropriate??
uttervast is a fucking badass and if you make me play ma rlyeh i will run uttervast 100% of the time
time to dive into the exe to feature all the epithets from the water margin
sorry for the wait, everyone
it is okay friend
also a death 10 prince of death casting pale riders makes a fucking lot of skelemans
fear bless good
my favourite epithet has to be "the afterthought" in between "prince of arcane mysteries" and "the invincible and ever-triumphant""
b e v e r a g e
how many are we talking
a nail biter for sure
as a potentially interested pale rider caster
41
hmmm
replied, the other d10 pale rider future caster
what wonders await us in turn 2
45
really it's supposed to be 20+++
prince of death has reanimation bonus
oh
i have ring of sorc and could amulet of the dead it

so could prob hit 45
hmm
im not going to try that hard im just going to make 41 skeleton horse per turn until death gem is less than 10
did the turn go over
wow
y
that was an offensively bad return for site searching spells
and xibbalba is dead to me for no gimmick name
they have 10 mr too
overpowered
the game has turned
!details

and ragha also attacked me lol
a proper skeleton, with a light lance is indeed strong
oh darn it
i forget every game
a blitz with an uw nation
ok then
ill do it
ea rlyeh
just like
we'll forget you
i will play for probably fifteen turns
when we crush you underfoot
and then i will just stale the rest, because i won
so long as i get to be ea pan i will play in that game which will be over in 15 turns
man when i was in that game as ea r'leyh i was so confident i wouldn't be the first to die
jbrereton i have developed entropy two point zero
noooooo
my start sucks why did i start in a wasteland
hmm
p much a time trial between bot going up and pan throne win
instead of n he has e
a province has '8 light infantries' and thats it
i bet this is not a trap
show me entropy god
is it an uttervast
my start sucks why did i start in a wasteland
its a master lich with air and death and earth
oh ok
powerful
the best part is taking all of your death bless and converting it to undying
so you can expand better
do not try to cast fields of the dead with it
you will get as triggered as i did
it's bugged are they ever going to fix it
when your ench 9 spell literally doesn't work
it used to be ultra howl
ya
i can confirm that quickness increase the number of attacks per round more than 2x (as it is supposed to) in fact it seems like it is exactly 4x. i discovered that, because i had given my pretender sc items enough to have reinvigoration 6, and since her encumbrance was 3, she should have been fatigue neutral (actually decreasing in fatigue by 1 every turn because of the hidden 1 reinvigoration that all units get) after casting quicken self. 
she was not at all fatigue neutral and reached fatigue 100 before the battle ended. so i had a closer look at half speed. she attacked 4 times for each time reinvigoration took effect and she attacked 4 times as often as her enemies…
is that actually true
who tested this
kris lighthawk
eh
ashdod
oh wait
no
lmao
yeah i dunno
that sucks
i bet she had two weapons
that is fucked up if true but i'm not sure how true it is
what is the weakest sacred i can put quickness on
sadly the battle replay being incredibly short does not help with debugging this stuff
vestals?
flaggelant
yeah flags
skopetsy
skopetsy.
also cap has 4 pco connections in total one of which is a throne
would be another alternative
fml
vestals have like 9 strength dont they
yes
flags f7w10s8 flags
flags!
they train in gymnastics but 10% less than a normal man
machaka what the hell
sorry to those who bet on marignon
my money is always on the fiery justice
it was probably fucking
i bet heavily on r'leyh
jerek did you take the correct bless
cold or hot outside and the guys just a retard
namely, w10
fuckin'
machaka
<@233383745779007499> trap sprung i have no idea what i'm doing lmao
it's grating that there is still no battle odometer and the replay window gets full from 2 attacks
so testing this stuff is actually not even simple
ok so ayar has
3 encumbrance
3 reinvig
me nether i am just makin' toads
do they not get double from flying
if i give him quickness bless and 2 reinvig bless he should be neutral
encumbrance wise
right
at leats i seduced a throne sorceress
i am next to a level 3 throne with 300 units and a monolith
alert
i think he will go up 6/turn maybe
it had a pyromance.r and he has red gems
r i p
because it's 6 encumbrance twice
its ok i sent a scout
i know the bullshit when i see it
swordsmen or pikes?
i might be wrong about fly enc double thing
he got well above 6
<@!169456837236621312> the ashdod is me
well how fast does a regular thing accumulate fatigue
try to forge weightless chain for them jsoh
like a 3 enc guy, no quick with 3 total reinvig
and other means of getting to less enc
3 enc guy with 3 total reinvig is neutral
theoretically. has anyone actually looked
his melee encumbrance is 3 and he has 3
i do not pay that much attention
well, 5 reinvig
ya but jsoh i think fliers get double but not listed
did you take quickness bless
he doesnt fly
oh right
.q "); print "i didn't escape user input properly"
for some reason thought ayar flew
awww
i did not, sadly
hes the guy whos gets power from not flying
ok he attacked once
then some enemies attacked
then he attacked again, etc
hes not double turning at all
lol somebody outbid me for the markatas
quickness = attack twice at the same time
i bid 99 on a 40 gold merc
well, hes not doing that
repel seems to be giving him fatigue
wait repel does that?
give him a mighty e n c h a n t e d  p i k e
and now it can't
how hard is it to keep track of a kraken
smh
hes got a length 4 weapon already on account of being tall
then who the fuck is repelling him
or is he tired from repelling other
ye
hes getting fatigue from knocking arms off while repelling swords it seems
ew repel making you tired means long weapons are bad on thug
im going to try with a dagon
but hes not fucking double attacking literally ever
oh fuck i lost a battle
woof
because machaka has the worst archers in the game, because they trick you into thinking they're not
do a w10 thing with length 0 weapons
machaka is p bad
like a dragon
the enemy things are getting in hits
build them big old spiderman
or attempts at hits
before he is
theyre more expensive than fants
dragon ahs too many attacks im not smart enough to follow
wow fuck that was way more of a gamble then i thought
or just do uhhh
the dwarf land thing
couldn't see the hydro or the sea trolls at all
linnorm
<@!160127200803160064>
wow
my scorpion king has a chest wound, are his days as an expander over
oh lmao no wonder
its a 14k pop underwater province
trying with erf snake
i am doing this with dagon and i can only say "results inconclusive"
haha i can't believe it actually worked
fucked up
q "); print "i didn't escape user input properly""
nah it'd be like
q "); print "i didn't escape user input properly"
space after close quote it didn't liek
doesnt seem to be doing anything
are you broken
hi bot
lmao does cold blooded get fucking penalties for it not being h1
yes
yes
+1 for neutral
+1/4/7/10
being a lizard sucks
the corpus logger is fine though
.q " ); print "i didn't escape my user input properly"
hmm
the discord api parser is smarter than i am
erf snek is gaining fatigue too
did it not allow that
with 2 encumbrance
and 4 reinvig
no repels
ok quickness is definitely working in terms of 2 attacks/round
how about no quickness
(or at least 2)
he should be dropping fatigue
like just enc2 reinvig2
is it actually neutral
he should be better than neutral
ill see
it may just be reinvig is slower than attacks
and quick makes it twice as bad
i think reinvig is only 1/turn
ya
if i knew discord or really coding at all i could probably do something nefarious
but :effort:
reinvig inc 1/turn natural reinvig is one per turn
whereas attacking twice incurs 2 fatigues
yeah
highest is aw his fatigue at was 11 tho
doesnt make sense
nooooooo
they are tough
and sacred
dagon was at 9 fatigue after double attacking/casting temper flesh at start of fight w/2 reinvig bless and standard +1
if r'leyh had a better way to manage summons
.tag conot sinister hacker
they would be so much better
and he double attacked quite a lot
like, they more reliable summons
again total lack of battle odometer is a problem here
2 reinvig hes holding at 2 fatigue as the max
to be fair
regularly summoning vastnesses would be
i think at least
incredibly fucked up!
rude
.q conot is innocent free him now
.q conot
aww
no like, more elder things and less stationary aquatic guys
.tags conot
.help
.q add conot " ); quit();
.help
aww
my coding is superior.
.q add conot "aww"
.q add conot " ); exit();
i give up
why is he trying to seduce the dude when theres a sorceress in the  province
boing has beaten me
.q add conot boing has beaten me
.tags conot
.q add conot "boing has beaten me"
destroyed
.q add conot .q add conot " ); exit();
i give up
boing has beaten me
.q add conot boing has beaten me
lol it doesnt like it
.q add conot i give up
boing has beaten me
.q add conot boing has beaten me
nevermorebot - today at 12:13 am
get a grip.
.q conot -1
.q add jbrereton "destroyed"
ah theres a parser error
.q jbrereton
there we go, suicided the uw mercenaries
.tagged self tagger
stay out of my shit
.tagged self quoter
how fucking bad does this robot look on mobile
turn it on first
ok i mdone expanding
idk probably bad because mobile makes everything look bad
im happy with these 3 provinces. good shit.
hello xibilba, who are you
oh wow its tuen 8
ok its not so bad
the other robot looks insanely ass
yeah it's
very terrib;e
even if i turn my phone sideways
if your diplomacy is more than an unannounced entry into their territory you do not understand blitz
now the bot is more sensitive if you call him bad
not naming the robot after a cia/nsa surveillance op is some shameful shit tbh
hello friend
i see your virtue
if you come and slay me then nobody will ever be able to stop r'leyh
piot
make the bot ignore conot
[6:17 pm] jsoh: not naming the robot after a cia/nsa surveillance op is some shameful shit tbh
good point. name the bot discord
im working on functionality to make the bot selectively ignore people it doesnt like
.q add jsoh not naming the robot after a cia/nsa surveillance op is some shameful shit tbh
samog - today at 12:18 am
good point. name the bot discord
damn i gotta turn that off
.q jsoh
make everyone use compact mode
solar weapons triple damage against demons/undead also triples the targets fire resistance. for example, solar weapons used against demons with fire resistance 10, roll -21 + drn vs half armor (armor piercing) + drn. instead it should be rolling -1 + drn vs half armor (armor piercing)+drn. the fire resistance is tripled along with the solar weapon 3 ap attack.
so all of the quotes look like this
person a: setup
person b: punchline
lol what jsoh
that's a great bug
i dont know how to even parse this
if you add a quote that says
person a: setup
person b - today at 8:52 pm
punchline
yuo are assuming its true nuclear monkey!
rallying against poor innocent 2d anime girls
you should be brutally slain
if you attack a demon with 5fr it will be 9ap vs 15 if it's true
zonk responded to me saying hes wrong with "i was looking at multiple horsemans lance attacks"
thats obviously just an order of operations thing
isnt it
but he cleverly noticed that if you miss your charge you get to try again
so glad he was a very vocal beta tester
.q jsoh
i fixed it
ty
not if the roll says that its rolling vs 3 times his fire resist
thats very good actually.
good work boing.
have a gold coin
cool things about discord audit log: i can isolate by any user other than myself
and it doesnt show people allowing robots in
.q samog
whats a good way to get demons with 5 fire resist
lanka i guess?
xibalba
what did i say about the ocean
lol my men crossed a river
attack lanka yeah if it's true you should have some bonkers rolls
doing like 30 damage on a swing
and then my heat 3 set in
and now they are trapped in a corner of the map forever
rip
oh in 12?
rip
i never even thought about adding quotes from compact mode, fuck
actually in 1
i gotta write a whole different parser.
my scales got to 12 so fast i can simply never enter it
the ocean belongs to me, and no other
lankas troops dont have negative fire resist hey
oh i see that
lmao
just commanders
do you want me to put the edomites out of their suffering or
does it triple fire vulnerability as well
noooo they are my only friends
commanders and summons
the correct lazy answer is to mod militia to have 5 fr and be demons with no movement
also i attacked someone who had ko oni pd
they bought like 5 pd i dont know why
and they routed, because there were no demon leaders, which hp routed him instantly
we were greeted as liberators is what im saying
lol
thats good.
wish we could get <@188392419635494912>  back in the game now that utgard, bringer of stale turns is banished to the void
yomi: so bad that using their pd is worse than having 0
alas
!details

.tags conot
it does not appear that that thing the guy said is correct
what the fuck am i doing
vs asara , 3 prot 5 fire prot
my roll is -6 base
for solar weapons
oh hey i killed someone
who was it
was it me
oh no
who has merrow captains. famous merrow captains>
is that what it should be im way too dumb for this
it was a merc lol
jesus
did you really
hahahaha
what pd did you put in that
its -6 vs +1
the rolls
60 or so?
(get baited, etc.)
also that fucking assasination attempt is :negative:
fuckin' illithid lord with super deadly mind blast opts for holy word 8 times
nice
which guy was it
oh shit
the uttervast is up
jaguar warrior vs asara
oh shit
the uttervast is up i see
2d girls are now real is now real, yes.
jaguar warriors solar weapons bless asara minor fire resist
so is the shark night :black101:
if you hit them it should be 9ap fire vs 15 fr if he's right
the roll is alwys -6 vs +1
is that how it does it. just subtracts fr from damage
9 - 15 = 6
pretty fucked up
illwinter as heck
hmm
yeah maybe its that lmao
https://puu.sh/z9020/6a4bc9fcf3.jpg
bug is real
the +1 on asara side is i guess their 3 natural prot rounded down
things are heating up
ironic, given the throne of winter is nearby
did you like the shark knight
thats a bizarre way to show ap damage
<:illwinter:372894192894214176>
no
it does not matter
i was just knocked out of the game by ashdod
regardless of everything else that has happened
lol why
fucking
ashdod beat me
with blood bond
oh the skeleton was your god
rip
cant believe you would <:mindless:372893818397130752> me like this
???
im sorry im sorry im removing it
you and xibalba both moved on same province at same time
and you accidentally his god
oh yeah
you can recall him
he will maybe be stronger
guys i think xibalba might be a bad nation
i mean
you were running circles around me there till things went tits up
.q
.q acoustickitty
i love abusing mercs to shit up the hof
poison is not effective vs giants
i have very stupid bless giants
not much is effective against them
meksivik this is ma right
did you make the mistake of recruiting a toad

instead of all the bats forever
.q kevin
i did
i am a fool
.tags jonjoe
.q jonjoe
fucked up
oh hey its marignon
hi marignon
hes a day old, what do you want
hey guy
maybe if you were cool and funny like me you would have some quotes
.q add jsoh maybe if you were cool and funny like me you would have some quotes
marignon i have been betting on you this whole time
if this is the game you wish to play xibalba
wow rude
assassins are really beyond the pale machaka
samog dota
bot is going to sleep but i will find somewhere to host it permanently
once i have implemented some new features.
man my luck with summons this game has been awful
and this is with a 10 summoner
it takes like
2-3 turns
to get an anything
its pure rng as i understand it
dude
3 luck 3 death is really fucking good
who is machaka
i should od htis more
i posted the whole thing yesterday
im machaka
jonjoe you cheeky fucker trying ot make demands when you have no longbows!
ok lets try this
.q
.q -1
nice
does it have all of the irc quotes
it does not
not yet.
im looking into irc scraping
it would annoy everyone who is left on irc for several hours
can't you ask the guy who owns the bot to just send you the data
the two dozen enraged lurkers meme
who owns the bot?
that would be much easier if possibl.e
probably a hero.
ask samog to ask the guy who owns the bot
samog is the robot interface guy
if you want something from the robot guy: ask samog
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-42805485 checks out
<@110869804197351424> who owns skybot/homero
thats not really how it works
you just say "samog get the homero or sky bot guy to send me all of the quotes from the robot please"
ok samog i said that
full service robat interface guy
i didnt know if some goon wrote them
also all the tags would be good
who are the robot's wealthy backers. how far does samog's influence reach
skybot -> samog -> ??? -> the deep state?  (benghazi anyone?)
release the memo.
.q add mu who are the robot's wealthy backers. how far does samog's influence reach
new messages
mu - today at 11:04 am
skybot -> samog -> ??? -> the deep state?  (benghazi anyone?)
.q mu
yess, good bot
no wait
what
it worked on test
killary's drone programme extends to irc it seems

why would the parser work differently on my test server
oh its something to do with cases. im baffled by this bug
.q add boing " ); rm *
.tags conot
.q boing
hmmmm
one day i'll get you, gadget
by all accounts this should work
.q add mu who are the robot's wealthy backers. how far does samog's influence reach
new messages
mu - today at 11:04 am
skybot -> samog -> ??? -> the deep state?  (benghazi anyone?)
.q mu
what the heck.
.q add lowtax dominions is pretty cool but i prefer stellaris
.q lowtax
does anyone who knows computer things know why i would get different behaviour from entering the same command on two different discord servers.

is it case sensitive
no, i checked
*turning up w/ tray of cups of orange squash and some digestives* everything fine with this game? did the map turn out okay in the end?
no mictlan is being a dork
i want to keep testing in this chat because it's the only place i get this bug.
!details

wait wrong game
yeah everything is fine
yes the map has served well for pony supremacy
ok one more time so i can get some debug messages, sorry
.q add mu who are the robot's wealthy backers. how far does samog's influence reach
new messages
mu - today at 11:04 am
skybot -> samog -> ??? -> the deep state?  (benghazi anyone?)
ok i fixed it.
string parsing is hard
what was wrong
when i was stripping out the '.q add' part of the full text i did it in a dumb way that split the string across any other instances of the username
and it was a case thing
<@!160127200803160064>
say hi to the bot
hi to the bot
<@190292302785150976> sell me nature gems in la nights
<@!148098869782118401>  sell me nature gems in la nights
<@275205678010859520> sell me nature gems in la nights
lol if you have nature gems and sell them to jsoh.
its like turn 5 what do you even need them fore
!details lanights

@absum#4478 sell me nature gems in la nights
wow it iddnt work is absum dead
<@!169456837236621312> sell me nature gems in la nights
<@!160127200803160064> sell me nature gems in la nights
hi i am going to immeidately mute this channel after i say: sell me nature gems please
dont do it
thank you game for this naga transport device
i'm so good at diplimacy actually
why is it a commander goddamn
is magic leadership the main reason why patala is bad
fuck no i fought for this thing
how to win any dominions battle:
mass fligh + weapons of sharpness
even militia will murder everything w/ that combo
they wont kill the mass flight fog warrior army of gold vanheres
fair
ichtyids are literally the worst
so probably
yes they will
because there will be like 5x as many
and everyone is dying to magicks at that point anyway, so a ponyman will get zapped just as easily as dumb human
!spell weapons of sharpness
<@255835336083636234>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=weapons%20of%20sharpness&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
where's my weapons of bluntness illwinter


what does weapons of sharpness do? is it ap?
ap ya
are you meant to be able to make undisciplined units into bodyguards
do not believe so

tfw when adventurers flee into your capital and actually all survive for once
dunno if this will actually hold up to the turn processing
i dont even want it
its a stupid throne. im gonna go get an even nicer throne.
lmao jonjoe
why did you attack an amazon province with 5 knights
why arent you making longbow
wtf
!details

arglbglbgl
jsoh
a4w10n7b4 heat ragha prepare to meet your match
scales patala.
those skeletons
mmm
spicy intel from the game im in
surrender now friend
!details

open offer: i am selling gems! all gems must go! death gems! fire gems! natue gems! fuck em! im sellin em! 20g each!
expensive
im going to also fuck up next turn
my snake is gonna get netted and destroyed
luckily a snake cannot be net
unless it is the serpent lord rainbow
are cave earthquakes just double damage
or what
i'm really fucking salty about that loss
if my guy hadn't been hit by divine vengeance in that other fight for 18 i'd have won it easily
but at least i murdered one person's geared prophet
aww, i was looking forward to getting stomped by jbrereton

a bold assault.
cave earthquake cryle is 20 ap damage
that feel when you misplace your boar assault unit
oh noooo
and its what, 8, normally?
!details

good turnaround.
if not for that hitler, @ubaten
was he feebleminded boing
thats a valid strategem if so
!details

i have it on good authority that god intended gems only be sold for 1 gold total
<@170661706421370880> sorry friend, but we all know the true winner of the arena is the one who bribes the arena organizer to give you one fight against a bane lord whos already weathered 3 other fights
it's fixed!
i didn't bother sending a champion. didn't want to lose one of my several niefel jarls for a turn.
also to be fair that greatsword hit would have killed him either way
nah he took a 14 hit
he would have lived
shame he missed at all
he was not, he bravely cast powerful buff spells  upon himself
before being stabbed by a wolf tribe
that's what the fire pearl was for
to be fair, he never missed the wind lord

just got cucked by the luck rng

dom5 markov chains looking good
lol
skybot is scaevolus and homero is alligator boing
what
you pinged me
i dont understand what you said
are those people
yes
can they send me the quotes and tags from those bots for #dom4goons
(quietly) this guy thought homero was an alligator.
i odnt know.
hello everyone, i'm a new member here and also a fairly new player of dominion ( 5 and 4 ), and i love the game a lot, it's really a unique take on a strategy game, and so far it's also one of the only one ive seen that centers most of it's gameplay around " religion "

as such, ive decided to browse the community for all kinds of mods, and played a bit of some faction, but the one i had my eyes on before i started playing was r'lyeh, because i'm a huge h.p lovecraft fan, even though i havn't read any of his work, it's just the design of cthulhu and the other old ones that sparks interests in my eyes.

i sadly realized however that r'lyeh is not that fun of a faction to play as, atleast in my opinion. i feel they lack on the " otherwordly " feature, the creatures from other dimension feel that i kinda hoped to get when playing it ( r'lyeh from la, which is the closest to the cult of cthulhu feel ive been wanting )

i'm speaking of this but i've not played them that long, in fact i didn't finish the party i had going mostly because the freebie units swarmed every single of my province and i had no utility for them.

as such i decided to ask someone to mod a rework / entirely new faction of r'lyeh, which would be much more centralized around being from other world, enslaving populations, nightmares, etc... which i feel we're one of the main points i couldn't get while playing them ( again i havn't played as them that long, i did maybe a 30 mins / 1 hour game before quitting out of frustration, so if i missed any of the points i talk about up there somehow, do correct me about it. )
this guy rules.
make him a bespoke mod, <@317410996169736204>
he spent more time writing that post then figuring out how rlyeh played
fuck
so salty
ry'leh would be cooler if it was a land nation that instead of cap-only summons had underwater-only summons
so you want to just dive in asap
but also, you are a land nation, and therefore, not immune to the game
i was going to make a mod that made basically all of the water breathing items cost one gem
for personal, and like 5 for an army
but water is a piece of shit and the minimal effort required is not worth it
this mod would also make fucking water things move two provs
why would you make this a thing that you could do and explicitly make tritons and stuff slow enough where it never happens
ya tritons should have like 35 map move
so they can do 3 prov
yes
i was going to set all aquatic tritons to 3 and mermen to 2
stuff that walks on the bottom stupidly should move 1, not faster than swimmers
cool now just make more than 6 spells castable underwater and you have a corker of the mod
oh also autocast sea of ice on turn 1
was also going to add a 1f water breath item
and change amulet of the fish to 1w
#woah
basically for water to be less shit the barrer between the two should be way weaker
yes
but also
right there is a problem with this because
if you reduce the barrier initially, they just gain bonus fuck up the land nation powers
this is something me and sumwon grappled with in beta
well they don't get better troops or more amphibiousness, just the items are cheaper to make for everyone involved
but fundamentally "a spell so water nations can use their amphib shit on land eventually" should be in the game
does earth power stop working if you levitate
what does that spell do
+1e
no the mod one jbrereton linked
i think everyone who has played dominions for more than an hour knows what earthpower does lol
and no it just works no matter what
it is a global monkee
which any uw nation can cast, and puts a site that lets them create their aquatic units as amphib ones in their forts
and if it does down that site disappears
that is the cleanest i could do it myself
it might not have the right rec points for nowadays since it was made at like 4.92 as a "here is something you could already do please do it" mod for illwinter
really intended for it to be similar to thetis' blessing but in reverse but that is not something a humble normie can code in
summon earth power is usable by fliers and levatators cryle
what they're actually going to do is give all the atlantis mermen [promote] and into a form that has legs and breathes air
they are apparently doing nothing whatsoever to make uw good after the revolutionary underwater improvement patch that let ea rlyeh recruit grandmothers outside of forts
i guess i will take that spell and incorporate it
and spend 15 gems to make one of their mages much worse and put their astral path on land, on a 5 year max age package
which mod was it that had acidify the oceans
magic enhanced
that is good shit
ok i guess ill download that and pull in some of the fuck the ocean spells too
because there is an extreme lack of ocean fucking in vanilla
did it add any uw castable fire spells too or will i have to do that myself
because fire should at least have *something*, even if it's bad
ill probably change boil to just be fire
and make it... not so fucking bad
boil should be a remote attack
steampunk human f/w nation with diving armor and they get a national discount on barrels of air
boil the ocean as a remote and just boil as combat
like you stand next to the water and boil everyone in the prov alive
yes
actually wait no, just make that a merc company
i wanted to make boil the ocean like fires from afar except is also popkills
because fuck the ocean.
really
fuck you, ocean
is there a way to equip the summoning pretender for ma ryleh to fight greater horrors so it can get them as sacreds
i accidentally won against a big molecule guy and it was fun throwing him at provinces
horrors will never join you
you can either kill them, or they kill you
vastness is a bro
oh dang
vastness joins you tho
my neighbor uttervasto
isn't he a horror?
no
uterrvast is uttervast
dang
vastness is vastness
horrors are like, horror, gore tide, mind slime, dream eater
the only shared trait between horrors is they fucking hate everyone, including other types of horrors and will attack them forever
they will never flee and must be killed
ah
monkee https://www.dropbox.com/s/p7j5vk2mpib68tc/landrec_d5.zip?dl=0 <- this is land rec mod for dom 5
i remember one time my mage got visited by a pile of eyeballs and blinked for 50 rounds before walking up and kicking it to death
which again should be vanilla functionality imo
(adds inland recruitment for uw nations)
those suck. the only void creatures worth a shit are elder things, vastness, thing that should not be and greater otherness
yeah
is it possible to have a bless build with ma ryleh
anything is possible
will it be good? no
i guess when you talk abt uw nations its a can of worms
kremath there is 1 bless build with ma rlyeh
blood vengeance to stack on top of dr, and regen
the only bless that matters is arcane finesse
which you always get
because it makes shroud into +1pen
plus finesse ya
are your mind blasters sacred?
no
no
your only sacred is starspawn priest
and some void summons
also, powerfully, indie sacreds
there should be a mod that makes it so every upgraded uw fort has an abyssal well site or something
i think it's probably okay for water nations to not get good stuff inland
they should get coast for sure
but land gets shit all in the ocean too
there is normally like 2-5x as many inland provs as water and coast
idk
maybe make the water breathing global cheaper/easier to cast/more paths
yeah but as long as you make stuff on coasts you just concentrate it there and move around as needed
like if you grab the entire ocean and every coast plus maybe a few land beyond that
you gonna be huge, and powerful. and should be planning throne grab
fwiw i think land nations all getting guaranteed uw stuff would be fine also
.markov
.markov land nations
ok.
fuck the ocean. land should just have an easier time of exterminating the ocean
maybe make some amber clan if you care to
and ignore it forever aside from income besides that
i mean you could add indie merman scouts and maybe even w1 mages to their poptype and it would be fine i think
but yes acid sea should also def be in the base game
though some nations should
like patala gets water naga
so when you are inevitably banished to the ocean, you can make things there
same for ma xibalba
#selectnation 98
#uwcom1 "consolation naga chief"
to represent being water naga they would be grosser looking and weaker
bobbit worms with naga faces
agreed, no hypnotize also
yellow bellied sea snake naga
i like jomon where they have good troops underwater but no way of getting there
bc they're idiots
they can be more venomous but without hypnotize
"after the incident, john attempted to generate money from his renown by forming a band, the severed parts, to pay his mounting medical and legal bills, although the band was unsuccessful and failed to generate enough money."
nice
<@255835336083636234> what did you use for hosting? python anywhere?
oh nvm yours is written in something else
yeah, just an aws server. you can use that for python too, but it's a bit more complicated
you get a year free though which is cool
ok i'll check it out
