hi boing
hello bot
.tag nuclear monkey | hitler
tag added.
success
.q add decrepus if my tags and quotes dont import i am going ai on discord
quote added.
.q
.q <#372490951391838221>
no quotes found for that user.
i have not implemented that functionality yet
.q decrepus
[1/1] (24/01/18 22:40)
decrepus: if my tags and quotes dont import i am going ai on discord
.tag decrepus decrepus
tag added.
now scrape all of the quotes from the irc bot
thats phase 2
don't worry, i will now backstab marignon, giving your roboself the edge it needs
only for atlantis to stab me
and then around it goes
its hard out here for a lizard
<@233383745779007499>
.tag nevermore never hits a shadowraze
tag added.
power overwhelming
robot shat?
did ai ragha already attack you?
i will at least import every kevin quote
wooo
.help
commands:
.q add <name> <quote>: add a quote to someone.
    or: .q add <long name> | <quote>
.q <name> [<idx>]: retrieves a random quote from someone, optionally indexed by a number.
.tag <name> <tag>: adds a tag to someone.
    or: .tag <long name> | <tag>
.tags <name>: shows the tags for someone.
.tagged <tag>: shows everyone with this tag.
me and lemuria are still dancing on the knife's edge of that final, climatic battle.
that looks...aggressive
i will give it a go
try to find jag tribe asap so you can use their shamans to make jag toads imo
woodhenge also suffice
i do not like the look of the toads, they are disgusting to my sight
but i can't think of anything else in ma that is calling my name to play
great feature: assuming you somehow live to conj 5, wayob can all make monster toads for 2 gems each
tfw your mage refuses his scripting and decides to cast mind burn over and over again on mindless units
scraping irc quotes is going to be tedious and error prone.
forget the existing quotes imo
help! im being stabbed in the back by the worlds smallest knife (also i am obese)
a new beginning for goonkind
is it up
i can probably get like 2-3 more people to play idk
.tagged hitler retard betrayer
hitler retard betrayer: nobody.
i want to be ma machaka
i have the brain damage
fresh opportunities abound.
ok bugsquash i deserved that
dunno, not sure if foolofsound even lives
i am taking those back tho
ma machaka is great
extracting data from skybot without access to the underlying instance is a bit of a pain apparantly
play them, lose quickly, never get into the micro heavy late game
bing bong so simple
i was gonna write an irc bot that just spams the irc with skybot commands
might be easier to just manually .tags people who are know active discorders
wtb hoburg faction of money grubbers
every mage is a master alchemist
and dumps them into nevermore's xml
i won a blitz as them with a random press r and start god
oh skybot also replaces names in peoples letters with weird symbols
yeah fuck scraping that
they will never cast mind burn on mindless conot i think
i might be wrong on that but p sure they will not even try
.tagged the new samog
the new samog: nobody.
.tag samog the new samog
tag added.
:)
good bot
bad bot
how are you handling image tags
just urls, or will discord try to interpret them
it has an internal cooldown on ancillary messages like that so it doesnt spam the chat <@178868273935417344>
:(
but it does respond to bad bot.
lol
remember to import homero functionality
i have no idea how images work
hm i might play a blitz today
let the chat ring with 'i think you mean anim„©'
...wait i have like three turns to finish probably
ma?
ok i think i got 1 or 2 of my retarded dominions friends to play
first i have to make it shame self quoters
i wanna be ashdad
im also trying to implement arbitrary-order markov chain functionality from scratch
jesus christ
but now its at least logging this chat to create a corpus
ma machakas pretender roster
is so bad
this is 2018
oh yeah
it is
it should be logging all chat messages to an aws lambda then using natural language processing to spit back nonesense
ma
you want recurrent neural networks right
so we have ashdad
machaka
@conot you joining up
that'll be 4
<@!160127200803160064>
it might actually be easier, i've got a lstm written in tensorflow somewhere already
serverless, baby
i took slow aging bless so all of my sacred old mages are spry young 30 year olds
also fyi the latest cool trend is edge computing
wtf is that
too bad i got fucked in the ass by tien'chi!
yo
i'm joining
well we had cloud computing, which was mainframes
now we're back to edge computing, which is local pcs
i may just be abysia again ugh i am so indecisive
so
'normal computing'
we're on
'computing'
disruptive.
and so the remote -> local -> remote processing cycle enters it's fourth or fifth iteration
the ubiquitous cloud computing craze may not be long for this world if venture capitalist peter levine is right. the andreessen horowitz general partner said that as more computing capabilities move to so-called "edge" devices, including anything from driverless cars and drones to the boundless devices that make up the internet of things (iot), the cloud will slowly evaporate.
technically markov chains for text generation are a form of natural language processing.
the cloud isn't real
aws lambdas are basically rpc all over again
i dont want an internet of things
i just want an internet on my pc
can someone try connecting to make sure it works
100.34.123.193
port 7777
it works
your pc is a thing bithc
you can judge whether or not a person works in it based on how they respond to "the internet of things"
thank you based extremely huge heavy cav provinces
if it's a scowl or a cringe, they are it
for protecting me from the terror of scales patala
lmao
if it's a gleeful laugh at how many security holes these fucking things have, it's a qa
ill be marignon
40 turn cata?
i had guys on manlifts updating our lightning fixtures
is the internet of things when a criminal can hack my fridge
yes
theres legit a throne
and then a chain of 3 heavy cav province
because the piece of shit lights had a nasty hole
stopping patala from rushing me
l m a  o
and were trying desperately to go join a botnet
lol
random events common, enabled story events because why not
and on the other side of the chain of heavy cav
is another throne
jsoh is this in la nights
ye
self replicating lightbulb based botnets are the future
if so be assured i am not rushing you
peace in our time
yeah you cant fucker
i have no opinion on cata
heavy cav to the rescue
if i wanted i probably would be assassinating the commanders r/n
peace in our time
i have just walked over all of the indies and lost two total troops so far
though i honestly did not check this turn
so it may have increased to three, or even four
.q add jsoh thank you based extremely huge heavy cav provinces
for protecting me from the terror of scales patala
quote added.
la owns its turn 5 and i have as much income as my turn 25 rus
jsoh you should fight ctis imho
my provs are poor as shit and terrible
oh scales patala
mine are absolutely fkin atrocious mainly
i get it.
i am the historical vikings who will be unruly and invasive because we live in a shithole and you dont
literally 1-3000 pop garbage
saem
i have three chokepoints sort of
i was going to immediately attack the person above me
but im also not gonna get more than 12
but its the one fucking nation that can hurt me
so rip
i fucked up my expansion twice
lol
alright start uploadin' pretenders
because its heavy cav everywhere wtf
done
lol if you lose a single troop to heavy cav
or take an affliction
wtf boing why are you taking provinces so close to my cap then
boing please do not say things like this to thirsty scales patala, the brutallest nation
bugger off with yuor dog
which thirsty is this
all
boing is my natural ally. our dogs will sniff eachother and be fast friends
all kinds
i have seized the high value provinces that are not my cap circle
also done
ill join if you timetravel 2 hours nito the past or make me have the day off tomorrow
with my powerful dog, while my idiot lizards smash into the same heavy cav province over and over again
are you doing the thicc lizards
because uhh
any nation that is even slightly worse than me is a natural ally
dont send them at heavy cav
the others are foes from the off
im going to get an early throne with tien chi, or ruin my expansion
literally 100% of the provinces in my cap circle are heavy cav
scales patala vs the world
wooow
im just hoping one of these swamps has an exposed gold mine or some shit
alas
4 people in
i think la ctis with fucked up expansion is maybe even weaker
or im going to be fucked if my third neighbor can also resist me
who we waiting on
also epic that i am next to the lighting bird throne that i will never take
no he has lazer dog
my pretender is done
yes the dog is powerful
oh you ahev a server up
i would have already attacked him if he didnt
im joining now
<@96715337440952320> i am excited to hear how your patala does
did you make a carto map
rando
not good i think but mercs are very useful for taking provinces for other people to take eventually
i will predict meksivik
dead by year three
@ me when turn 1 is up
scales patala wins by not being the first eliminated
if you die before scales patala, just remember that you are worse than that
ie every other monkey faction in that comedy awful dom 4 game
last call for blitz we got 5 ready to go
lanka and quadbless kailasa no match for the chakram
wait monkey you are totally in 172 rite
lemme know when you are ready cryle i think we will start when you are done
i don't know what 172 is
im not looking at it i am work
a forest with three river connections
no two
oops
ready
if it's a really fucked up piece of shit area with forests and swamp and rivers all over yeah that sme
i clicked on something or pressed something once that made a popup of province info appear with like a little paragraph of what the land type is and what connections it has
and have not been able to find it since
!details lanights

will take a second to generate and download map
who is agartha
also, guess what scales i took as utgard
cold 3? lol of course not
why do that when i could take heat 2 for 40 extra points? this plan could not backfire horribly as i am stuck in the middle of the fucking forested riverlands
can laserdog take this province
that province looks scary
also very rich
extremely.
that looks alarming
look at all those towns
is that hoburgdorf
that province is probably worth more than half of my land
all together
did you use carto
at alt4 he can do it probs
i have a longdead/ghouls/longdead horse province in my cap circle
its extremely sad
no just random
or if you attack from a lot of candles
it has 3 of his candles
im gonna do it from 2 candles.
everyone recieving the map image okay?
lol if your cap circle isn't pretty much solid longdead / ghouls / shit hole swamp
its in a forest so i think i might send a serpent priest along with my prophet to banihs it
i got them high upload speeds
for ez site search
it could go bad if they heroically do not route
yeah, got it
it actually went fast for the first time ever
leave laser dog in the very back corner and let the cav come to her probably
i will stand in one corner of the map so that if i rout i can waddle to the edge of the map
yeah
i got a second monitor rdy to go for maximum dom blitz chat
i recently got real human internet speeds
oh and people were saying lances are fucked up again
hmm i guess i can send a theurg too
multiple megabits
on the cyberspace
to try to find siteafter slaying million skeletons
can someone test and see if they reintroduced the lance charge bug by capping lance bonus based on str
still downloading here
cause that would be illwinter as fuck
whats the bug
light lances were getting full charge damage every turn supposedly
maybe also real lances?
lol
blank screen for me after selecting my nation
i didn't test and it's from idiots so maybe they are wrong or running an old version
it made cav nearly worth 46 rec each
indie strength set to 4, magic site rarity upped to 60
dling map image
i'm not 100% it was true
i think i in now
soon to be dling winter map image
the new bug jbrereton
from this version. someone with the game take light cav sacred and attack into heavy cav
and look at log
i will probably see this in a turn or two in surrounded
aka game of slander and recriminations
i jsut tested with 13 barbarian heavy horse
and none of them hit somebody more than once with a lance
what about light lance was it getting charge every time
that's the one they capped
they capped both
lance is strength extra as cap
light is half strength as cap
does that make xibalba spearbats really bad
<@120675876043096066> lets do this
everyone in their first turn?
does that bless help if they are recruit as elderly?
yes but they were already much worse than club ones
just about to take it
still dl'ing
ok odne
it made them more bad than they already were
on winter image mukip?
yeah
im in
ok light lance is not hitting any extra charge bonuses
just being used as a regular weapon after charge
ok good i will call this person a retard
oh lmao
it's zonk
:zonk:
were they specifically talking about sacreds
b/c im just using barbarian light horsies
maybe its broke for sacred
can you just copy the text of his post
light lance is the same weapon used by everyone pretty much
and first done done :toot:
<@120675876043096066> where ya at
ya weapons is weapons
ma blitz - ashdod, xibalba, marignon, r'leyh and machaka
taking bets now
rlyeh because it will put up bot and assassinate everything until everyone goes ai
send me your bitcoins giving 10:1 on xibalba
yeah its jsut
depends how old
sometimes
mekone, though, no
5 bonus damage on the charge and nothing else special at all zonks a dipshit
grats to the guy who presumably started next to what appears to be no less than 10 farmlands
its kind of silly that after a dude misses his charge
i hope someone started at 18
, 3 times ,
ashdod wins hands down
just farmland farmland throne farmland
his next try has 5 bonus damage
awake quickness blood surge done
oh i thought it lost the damage bonus if you miss
nah
haha
you keep the bonus damage until you hit something
just waiting on <@120675876043096066>
not all bad though, i started with construction 1
i started with
conj 1 enchantment 1
not bad
thaum, conj, alt, evoc and constr 1
will prophetizing a holy 2 guy get me a better prophet, r do they need h3
h3
h2 will just become a h3, h3 will become a h4, etc
i bet all of my bitcoins on them, and if they do not win i proclaim them bad
h3+ = +1 to holy
jerek is in a different game
<@!169456837236621312> jokes on you
they're probably gonna stale!!
which is impressive, in a blitz
.q add boing im the best
.tags boing
what the
what is their password
they are running next level advanced strats
gimme all your bitcoin nuclear
hah
that involve more than bless attack close
he said he would be here but alas
lmao
destroyed
a powerful feature
just messaged him
the blitz curse strikes again
wonder what their bless is
our contenders
nevermore is a good quote bot name btw
ban jerek
hes a good bot
jerek, playing dolphin
i am going to call him
ok i tested the exact situation zonk is claiming to be bugged
strong epithet game
and the result is: zonk is a retard
incoming
wooooo
curse broken
did u take uttervast
and sink all of your points in
uttervast is a pro ma strat
also somewhat appropriate??
uttervast is a fucking badass and if you make me play ma rlyeh i will run uttervast 100% of the time
time to dive into the exe to feature all the epithets from the water margin
sorry for the wait, everyone
it is okay friend
also a death 10 prince of death casting pale riders makes a fucking lot of skelemans
fear bless good
my favourite epithet has to be "the afterthought" in between "prince of arcane mysteries" and "the invincible and ever-triumphant""
b e v e r a g e
how many are we talking
a nail biter for sure
as a potentially interested pale rider caster
41
hmmm
replied, the other d10 pale rider future caster
what wonders await us in turn 2
45
really it's supposed to be 20+++
prince of death has reanimation bonus
oh
i have ring of sorc and could amulet of the dead it

so could prob hit 45
hmm
im not going to try that hard im just going to make 41 skeleton horse per turn until death gem is less than 10
did the turn go over
wow
y
that was an offensively bad return for site searching spells
and xibbalba is dead to me for no gimmick name
they have 10 mr too
overpowered
the game has turned
!details

and ragha also attacked me lol
a proper skeleton, with a light lance is indeed strong
oh darn it
i forget every game
a blitz with an uw nation
ok then
ill do it
ea rlyeh
just like
we'll forget you
i will play for probably fifteen turns
when we crush you underfoot
and then i will just stale the rest, because i won
so long as i get to be ea pan i will play in that game which will be over in 15 turns
man when i was in that game as ea r'leyh i was so confident i wouldn't be the first to die
jbrereton i have developed entropy two point zero
noooooo
my start sucks why did i start in a wasteland
hmm
p much a time trial between bot going up and pan throne win
instead of n he has e
a province has '8 light infantries' and thats it
i bet this is not a trap
show me entropy god
is it an uttervast
my start sucks why did i start in a wasteland
its a master lich with air and death and earth
oh ok
powerful
the best part is taking all of your death bless and converting it to undying
so you can expand better
do not try to cast fields of the dead with it
you will get as triggered as i did
it's bugged are they ever going to fix it
when your ench 9 spell literally doesn't work
it used to be ultra howl
ya
i can confirm that quickness increase the number of attacks per round more than 2x (as it is supposed to) in fact it seems like it is exactly 4x. i discovered that, because i had given my pretender sc items enough to have reinvigoration 6, and since her encumbrance was 3, she should have been fatigue neutral (actually decreasing in fatigue by 1 every turn because of the hidden 1 reinvigoration that all units get) after casting quicken self. 
she was not at all fatigue neutral and reached fatigue 100 before the battle ended. so i had a closer look at half speed. she attacked 4 times for each time reinvigoration took effect and she attacked 4 times as often as her enemiesÖ
is that actually true
who tested this
kris lighthawk
eh
ashdod
oh wait
no
lmao
yeah i dunno
that sucks
i bet she had two weapons
that is fucked up if true but i'm not sure how true it is
what is the weakest sacred i can put quickness on
sadly the battle replay being incredibly short does not help with debugging this stuff
vestals?
flaggelant
yeah flags
skopetsy
skopetsy.
also cap has 4 pco connections in total one of which is a throne
would be another alternative
fml
vestals have like 9 strength dont they
yes
flags f7w10s8 flags
flags!
they train in gymnastics but 10% less than a normal man
machaka what the hell
sorry to those who bet on marignon
my money is always on the fiery justice
it was probably fucking
i bet heavily on r'leyh
jerek did you take the correct bless
cold or hot outside and the guys just a retard
namely, w10
fuckin'
machaka
<@233383745779007499> trap sprung i have no idea what i'm doing lmao
it's grating that there is still no battle odometer and the replay window gets full from 2 attacks
so testing this stuff is actually not even simple
ok so ayar has
3 encumbrance
3 reinvig
me nether i am just makin' toads
do they not get double from flying
if i give him quickness bless and 2 reinvig bless he should be neutral
encumbrance wise
right
at leats i seduced a throne sorceress
i am next to a level 3 throne with 300 units and a monolith
alert
i think he will go up 6/turn maybe
it had a pyromance.r and he has red gems
r i p
because it's 6 encumbrance twice
its ok i sent a scout
i know the bullshit when i see it
swordsmen or pikes?
i might be wrong about fly enc double thing
he got well above 6
<@!169456837236621312> the ashdod is me
well how fast does a regular thing accumulate fatigue
try to forge weightless chain for them jsoh
like a 3 enc guy, no quick with 3 total reinvig
and other means of getting to less enc
3 enc guy with 3 total reinvig is neutral
theoretically. has anyone actually looked
his melee encumbrance is 3 and he has 3
i do not pay that much attention
well, 5 reinvig
ya but jsoh i think fliers get double but not listed
did you take quickness bless
he doesnt fly
oh right
.q "); print "i didn't escape user input properly"
for some reason thought ayar flew
awww
i did not, sadly
hes the guy whos gets power from not flying
ok he attacked once
then some enemies attacked
then he attacked again, etc
hes not double turning at all
lol somebody outbid me for the markatas
quickness = attack twice at the same time
i bid 99 on a 40 gold merc
well, hes not doing that
repel seems to be giving him fatigue
wait repel does that?
give him a mighty e n c h a n t e d  p i k e
and now it can't
how hard is it to keep track of a kraken
smh
hes got a length 4 weapon already on account of being tall
then who the fuck is repelling him
or is he tired from repelling other
ye
hes getting fatigue from knocking arms off while repelling swords it seems
ew repel making you tired means long weapons are bad on thug
im going to try with a dagon
but hes not fucking double attacking literally ever
oh fuck i lost a battle
woof
because machaka has the worst archers in the game, because they trick you into thinking they're not
do a w10 thing with length 0 weapons
machaka is p bad
like a dragon
the enemy things are getting in hits
build them big old spiderman
or attempts at hits
before he is
theyre more expensive than fants
dragon ahs too many attacks im not smart enough to follow
wow fuck that was way more of a gamble then i thought
or just do uhhh
the dwarf land thing
couldn't see the hydro or the sea trolls at all
linnorm
<@!160127200803160064>
wow
my scorpion king has a chest wound, are his days as an expander over
oh lmao no wonder
its a 14k pop underwater province
trying with erf snake
i am doing this with dagon and i can only say "results inconclusive"
haha i can't believe it actually worked
fucked up
q "); print "i didn't escape user input properly""
nah it'd be like
q "); print "i didn't escape user input properly"
space after close quote it didn't liek
doesnt seem to be doing anything
are you broken
hi bot
lmao does cold blooded get fucking penalties for it not being h1
yes
yes
+1 for neutral
+1/4/7/10
being a lizard sucks
the corpus logger is fine though
.q " ); print "i didn't escape my user input properly"
hmm
the discord api parser is smarter than i am
erf snek is gaining fatigue too
did it not allow that
with 2 encumbrance
and 4 reinvig
no repels
ok quickness is definitely working in terms of 2 attacks/round
how about no quickness
(or at least 2)
he should be dropping fatigue
like just enc2 reinvig2
is it actually neutral
he should be better than neutral
ill see
it may just be reinvig is slower than attacks
and quick makes it twice as bad
i think reinvig is only 1/turn
ya
if i knew discord or really coding at all i could probably do something nefarious
but :effort:
reinvig inc 1/turn natural reinvig is one per turn
whereas attacking twice incurs 2 fatigues
yeah
highest is aw his fatigue at was 11 tho
doesnt make sense
nooooooo
they are tough
and sacred
dagon was at 9 fatigue after double attacking/casting temper flesh at start of fight w/2 reinvig bless and standard +1
if r'leyh had a better way to manage summons
.tag conot sinister hacker
they would be so much better
and he double attacked quite a lot
like, they more reliable summons
again total lack of battle odometer is a problem here
2 reinvig hes holding at 2 fatigue as the max
to be fair
regularly summoning vastnesses would be
i think at least
incredibly fucked up!
rude
.q conot is innocent free him now
.q conot
aww
no like, more elder things and less stationary aquatic guys
.tags conot
.help
.q add conot " ); quit();
.help
aww
my coding is superior.
.q add conot "aww"
.q add conot " ); exit();
i give up
why is he trying to seduce the dude when theres a sorceress in the  province
boing has beaten me
.q add conot boing has beaten me
.tags conot
.q add conot "boing has beaten me"
destroyed
.q add conot .q add conot " ); exit();
i give up
boing has beaten me
.q add conot boing has beaten me
lol it doesnt like it
.q add conot i give up
boing has beaten me
.q add conot boing has beaten me
nevermorebot - today at 12:13 am
get a grip.
.q conot -1
.q add jbrereton "destroyed"
ah theres a parser error
.q jbrereton
there we go, suicided the uw mercenaries
.tagged self tagger
stay out of my shit
.tagged self quoter
how fucking bad does this robot look on mobile
turn it on first
ok i mdone expanding
idk probably bad because mobile makes everything look bad
im happy with these 3 provinces. good shit.
hello xibilba, who are you
oh wow its tuen 8
ok its not so bad
the other robot looks insanely ass
yeah it's
very terrib;e
even if i turn my phone sideways
if your diplomacy is more than an unannounced entry into their territory you do not understand blitz
now the bot is more sensitive if you call him bad
not naming the robot after a cia/nsa surveillance op is some shameful shit tbh
hello friend
i see your virtue
if you come and slay me then nobody will ever be able to stop r'leyh
piot
make the bot ignore conot
[6:17 pm] jsoh: not naming the robot after a cia/nsa surveillance op is some shameful shit tbh
good point. name the bot discord
im working on functionality to make the bot selectively ignore people it doesnt like
.q add jsoh not naming the robot after a cia/nsa surveillance op is some shameful shit tbh
samog - today at 12:18 am
good point. name the bot discord
damn i gotta turn that off
.q jsoh
make everyone use compact mode
solar weapons triple damage against demons/undead also triples the targets fire resistance. for example, solar weapons used against demons with fire resistance 10, roll -21 + drn vs half armor (armor piercing) + drn. instead it should be rolling -1 + drn vs half armor (armor piercing)+drn. the fire resistance is tripled along with the solar weapon 3 ap attack.
so all of the quotes look like this
person a: setup
person b: punchline
lol what jsoh
that's a great bug
i dont know how to even parse this
if you add a quote that says
person a: setup
person b - today at 8:52 pm
punchline
yuo are assuming its true nuclear monkey!
rallying against poor innocent 2d anime girls
you should be brutally slain
if you attack a demon with 5fr it will be 9ap vs 15 if it's true
zonk responded to me saying hes wrong with "i was looking at multiple horsemans lance attacks"
thats obviously just an order of operations thing
isnt it
but he cleverly noticed that if you miss your charge you get to try again
so glad he was a very vocal beta tester
.q jsoh
i fixed it
ty
not if the roll says that its rolling vs 3 times his fire resist
thats very good actually.
good work boing.
have a gold coin
cool things about discord audit log: i can isolate by any user other than myself
and it doesnt show people allowing robots in
.q samog
whats a good way to get demons with 5 fire resist
lanka i guess?
xibalba
what did i say about the ocean
lol my men crossed a river
attack lanka yeah if it's true you should have some bonkers rolls
doing like 30 damage on a swing
and then my heat 3 set in
and now they are trapped in a corner of the map forever
rip
oh in 12?
rip
i never even thought about adding quotes from compact mode, fuck
actually in 1
i gotta write a whole different parser.
my scales got to 12 so fast i can simply never enter it
the ocean belongs to me, and no other
lankas troops dont have negative fire resist hey
oh i see that
lmao
just commanders
do you want me to put the edomites out of their suffering or
does it triple fire vulnerability as well
noooo they are my only friends
commanders and summons
the correct lazy answer is to mod militia to have 5 fr and be demons with no movement
also i attacked someone who had ko oni pd
they bought like 5 pd i dont know why
and they routed, because there were no demon leaders, which hp routed him instantly
we were greeted as liberators is what im saying
lol
thats good.
wish we could get <@188392419635494912>  back in the game now that utgard, bringer of stale turns is banished to the void
yomi: so bad that using their pd is worse than having 0
alas
!details

.tags conot
it does not appear that that thing the guy said is correct
what the fuck am i doing
vs asara , 3 prot 5 fire prot
my roll is -6 base
for solar weapons
oh hey i killed someone
who was it
was it me
oh no
who has merrow captains. famous merrow captains>
is that what it should be im way too dumb for this
it was a merc lol
jesus
did you really
hahahaha
what pd did you put in that
its -6 vs +1
the rolls
60 or so?
(get baited, etc.)
also that fucking assasination attempt is :negative:
fuckin' illithid lord with super deadly mind blast opts for holy word 8 times
nice
which guy was it
oh shit
the uttervast is up
jaguar warrior vs asara
oh shit
the uttervast is up i see
2d girls are now real is now real, yes.
jaguar warriors solar weapons bless asara minor fire resist
so is the shark night :black101:
if you hit them it should be 9ap fire vs 15 fr if he's right
the roll is alwys -6 vs +1
is that how it does it. just subtracts fr from damage
9 - 15 = 6
pretty fucked up
illwinter as heck
hmm
yeah maybe its that lmao
https://puu.sh/z9020/6a4bc9fcf3.jpg
bug is real
the +1 on asara side is i guess their 3 natural prot rounded down
things are heating up
ironic, given the throne of winter is nearby
did you like the shark knight
thats a bizarre way to show ap damage
<:illwinter:372894192894214176>
no
it does not matter
i was just knocked out of the game by ashdod
regardless of everything else that has happened
lol why
fucking
ashdod beat me
with blood bond
oh the skeleton was your god
rip
cant believe you would <:mindless:372893818397130752> me like this
???
im sorry im sorry im removing it
you and xibalba both moved on same province at same time
and you accidentally his god
oh yeah
you can recall him
he will maybe be stronger
guys i think xibalba might be a bad nation
i mean
you were running circles around me there till things went tits up
.q
.q acoustickitty
i love abusing mercs to shit up the hof
poison is not effective vs giants
i have very stupid bless giants
not much is effective against them
meksivik this is ma right
did you make the mistake of recruiting a toad

instead of all the bats forever
.q kevin
i did
i am a fool
.tags jonjoe
.q jonjoe
fucked up
oh hey its marignon
hi marignon
hes a day old, what do you want
hey guy
maybe if you were cool and funny like me you would have some quotes
.q add jsoh maybe if you were cool and funny like me you would have some quotes
marignon i have been betting on you this whole time
if this is the game you wish to play xibalba
wow rude
assassins are really beyond the pale machaka
samog dota
bot is going to sleep but i will find somewhere to host it permanently
once i have implemented some new features.
man my luck with summons this game has been awful
and this is with a 10 summoner
it takes like
2-3 turns
to get an anything
its pure rng as i understand it
dude
3 luck 3 death is really fucking good
who is machaka
i should od htis more
i posted the whole thing yesterday
im machaka
jonjoe you cheeky fucker trying ot make demands when you have no longbows!
ok lets try this
.q
.q -1
nice
does it have all of the irc quotes
it does not
not yet.
im looking into irc scraping
it would annoy everyone who is left on irc for several hours
can't you ask the guy who owns the bot to just send you the data
the two dozen enraged lurkers meme
who owns the bot?
that would be much easier if possibl.e
probably a hero.
ask samog to ask the guy who owns the bot
samog is the robot interface guy
if you want something from the robot guy: ask samog
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-42805485 checks out
<@110869804197351424> who owns skybot/homero
thats not really how it works
you just say "samog get the homero or sky bot guy to send me all of the quotes from the robot please"
ok samog i said that
full service robat interface guy
i didnt know if some goon wrote them
also all the tags would be good
who are the robot's wealthy backers. how far does samog's influence reach
skybot -> samog -> ??? -> the deep state?  (benghazi anyone?)
release the memo.
.q add mu who are the robot's wealthy backers. how far does samog's influence reach
new messages
mu - today at 11:04 am
skybot -> samog -> ??? -> the deep state?  (benghazi anyone?)
.q mu
yess, good bot
no wait
what
it worked on test
killary's drone programme extends to irc it seems

why would the parser work differently on my test server
oh its something to do with cases. im baffled by this bug
.q add boing " ); rm *
.tags conot
.q boing
hmmmm
one day i'll get you, gadget
by all accounts this should work
.q add mu who are the robot's wealthy backers. how far does samog's influence reach
new messages
mu - today at 11:04 am
skybot -> samog -> ??? -> the deep state?  (benghazi anyone?)
.q mu
what the heck.
.q add lowtax dominions is pretty cool but i prefer stellaris
.q lowtax
does anyone who knows computer things know why i would get different behaviour from entering the same command on two different discord servers.

is it case sensitive
no, i checked
*turning up w/ tray of cups of orange squash and some digestives* everything fine with this game? did the map turn out okay in the end?
no mictlan is being a dork
i want to keep testing in this chat because it's the only place i get this bug.
!details

wait wrong game
yeah everything is fine
yes the map has served well for pony supremacy
ok one more time so i can get some debug messages, sorry
.q add mu who are the robot's wealthy backers. how far does samog's influence reach
new messages
mu - today at 11:04 am
skybot -> samog -> ??? -> the deep state?  (benghazi anyone?)
ok i fixed it.
string parsing is hard
what was wrong
when i was stripping out the '.q add' part of the full text i did it in a dumb way that split the string across any other instances of the username
and it was a case thing
<@!160127200803160064>
say hi to the bot
hi to the bot
<@190292302785150976> sell me nature gems in la nights
<@!148098869782118401>  sell me nature gems in la nights
<@275205678010859520> sell me nature gems in la nights
lol if you have nature gems and sell them to jsoh.
its like turn 5 what do you even need them fore
!details lanights

@absum#4478 sell me nature gems in la nights
wow it iddnt work is absum dead
<@!169456837236621312> sell me nature gems in la nights
<@!160127200803160064> sell me nature gems in la nights
hi i am going to immeidately mute this channel after i say: sell me nature gems please
dont do it
thank you game for this naga transport device
i'm so good at diplimacy actually
why is it a commander goddamn
is magic leadership the main reason why patala is bad
fuck no i fought for this thing
how to win any dominions battle:
mass fligh + weapons of sharpness
even militia will murder everything w/ that combo
they wont kill the mass flight fog warrior army of gold vanheres
fair
ichtyids are literally the worst
so probably
yes they will
because there will be like 5x as many
and everyone is dying to magicks at that point anyway, so a ponyman will get zapped just as easily as dumb human
!spell weapons of sharpness
<@255835336083636234>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=weapons%20of%20sharpness&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
where's my weapons of bluntness illwinter


what does weapons of sharpness do? is it ap?
ap ya
are you meant to be able to make undisciplined units into bodyguards
do not believe so

tfw when adventurers flee into your capital and actually all survive for once
dunno if this will actually hold up to the turn processing
i dont even want it
its a stupid throne. im gonna go get an even nicer throne.
lmao jonjoe
why did you attack an amazon province with 5 knights
why arent you making longbow
wtf
!details

arglbglbgl
jsoh
a4w10n7b4 heat ragha prepare to meet your match
scales patala.
those skeletons
mmm
spicy intel from the game im in
surrender now friend
!details

open offer: i am selling gems! all gems must go! death gems! fire gems! natue gems! fuck em! im sellin em! 20g each!
expensive
im going to also fuck up next turn
my snake is gonna get netted and destroyed
luckily a snake cannot be net
unless it is the serpent lord rainbow
are cave earthquakes just double damage
or what
i'm really fucking salty about that loss
if my guy hadn't been hit by divine vengeance in that other fight for 18 i'd have won it easily
but at least i murdered one person's geared prophet
aww, i was looking forward to getting stomped by jbrereton

a bold assault.
cave earthquake cryle is 20 ap damage
that feel when you misplace your boar assault unit
oh noooo
and its what, 8, normally?
!details

good turnaround.
if not for that hitler, @ubaten
was he feebleminded boing
thats a valid strategem if so
!details

i have it on good authority that god intended gems only be sold for 1 gold total
<@170661706421370880> sorry friend, but we all know the true winner of the arena is the one who bribes the arena organizer to give you one fight against a bane lord whos already weathered 3 other fights
it's fixed!
i didn't bother sending a champion. didn't want to lose one of my several niefel jarls for a turn.
also to be fair that greatsword hit would have killed him either way
nah he took a 14 hit
he would have lived
shame he missed at all
he was not, he bravely cast powerful buff spells  upon himself
before being stabbed by a wolf tribe
that's what the fire pearl was for
to be fair, he never missed the wind lord

just got cucked by the luck rng

dom5 markov chains looking good
lol
skybot is scaevolus and homero is alligator boing
what
you pinged me
i dont understand what you said
are those people
yes
can they send me the quotes and tags from those bots for #dom4goons
(quietly) this guy thought homero was an alligator.
i odnt know.
hello everyone, i'm a new member here and also a fairly new player of dominion ( 5 and 4 ), and i love the game a lot, it's really a unique take on a strategy game, and so far it's also one of the only one ive seen that centers most of it's gameplay around " religion "

as such, ive decided to browse the community for all kinds of mods, and played a bit of some faction, but the one i had my eyes on before i started playing was r'lyeh, because i'm a huge h.p lovecraft fan, even though i havn't read any of his work, it's just the design of cthulhu and the other old ones that sparks interests in my eyes.

i sadly realized however that r'lyeh is not that fun of a faction to play as, atleast in my opinion. i feel they lack on the " otherwordly " feature, the creatures from other dimension feel that i kinda hoped to get when playing it ( r'lyeh from la, which is the closest to the cult of cthulhu feel ive been wanting )

i'm speaking of this but i've not played them that long, in fact i didn't finish the party i had going mostly because the freebie units swarmed every single of my province and i had no utility for them.

as such i decided to ask someone to mod a rework / entirely new faction of r'lyeh, which would be much more centralized around being from other world, enslaving populations, nightmares, etc... which i feel we're one of the main points i couldn't get while playing them ( again i havn't played as them that long, i did maybe a 30 mins / 1 hour game before quitting out of frustration, so if i missed any of the points i talk about up there somehow, do correct me about it. )
this guy rules.
make him a bespoke mod, <@317410996169736204>
he spent more time writing that post then figuring out how rlyeh played
fuck
so salty
ry'leh would be cooler if it was a land nation that instead of cap-only summons had underwater-only summons
so you want to just dive in asap
but also, you are a land nation, and therefore, not immune to the game
i was going to make a mod that made basically all of the water breathing items cost one gem
for personal, and like 5 for an army
but water is a piece of shit and the minimal effort required is not worth it
this mod would also make fucking water things move two provs
why would you make this a thing that you could do and explicitly make tritons and stuff slow enough where it never happens
ya tritons should have like 35 map move
so they can do 3 prov
yes
i was going to set all aquatic tritons to 3 and mermen to 2
stuff that walks on the bottom stupidly should move 1, not faster than swimmers
cool now just make more than 6 spells castable underwater and you have a corker of the mod
oh also autocast sea of ice on turn 1
was also going to add a 1f water breath item
and change amulet of the fish to 1w
#woah
basically for water to be less shit the barrer between the two should be way weaker
yes
but also
right there is a problem with this because
if you reduce the barrier initially, they just gain bonus fuck up the land nation powers
this is something me and sumwon grappled with in beta
well they don't get better troops or more amphibiousness, just the items are cheaper to make for everyone involved
but fundamentally "a spell so water nations can use their amphib shit on land eventually" should be in the game
does earth power stop working if you levitate
what does that spell do
+1e
no the mod one jbrereton linked
i think everyone who has played dominions for more than an hour knows what earthpower does lol
and no it just works no matter what
it is a global monkee
which any uw nation can cast, and puts a site that lets them create their aquatic units as amphib ones in their forts
and if it does down that site disappears
that is the cleanest i could do it myself
it might not have the right rec points for nowadays since it was made at like 4.92 as a "here is something you could already do please do it" mod for illwinter
really intended for it to be similar to thetis' blessing but in reverse but that is not something a humble normie can code in
summon earth power is usable by fliers and levatators cryle
what they're actually going to do is give all the atlantis mermen [promote] and into a form that has legs and breathes air
they are apparently doing nothing whatsoever to make uw good after the revolutionary underwater improvement patch that let ea rlyeh recruit grandmothers outside of forts
i guess i will take that spell and incorporate it
and spend 15 gems to make one of their mages much worse and put their astral path on land, on a 5 year max age package
which mod was it that had acidify the oceans
magic enhanced
that is good shit
ok i guess ill download that and pull in some of the fuck the ocean spells too
because there is an extreme lack of ocean fucking in vanilla
did it add any uw castable fire spells too or will i have to do that myself
because fire should at least have *something*, even if it's bad
ill probably change boil to just be fire
and make it... not so fucking bad
boil should be a remote attack
steampunk human f/w nation with diving armor and they get a national discount on barrels of air
boil the ocean as a remote and just boil as combat
like you stand next to the water and boil everyone in the prov alive
yes
actually wait no, just make that a merc company
i wanted to make boil the ocean like fires from afar except is also popkills
because fuck the ocean.
really
fuck you, ocean
is there a way to equip the summoning pretender for ma ryleh to fight greater horrors so it can get them as sacreds
i accidentally won against a big molecule guy and it was fun throwing him at provinces
horrors will never join you
you can either kill them, or they kill you
vastness is a bro
oh dang
vastness joins you tho
my neighbor uttervasto
isn't he a horror?
no
uterrvast is uttervast
dang
vastness is vastness
horrors are like, horror, gore tide, mind slime, dream eater
the only shared trait between horrors is they fucking hate everyone, including other types of horrors and will attack them forever
they will never flee and must be killed
ah
monkee https://www.dropbox.com/s/p7j5vk2mpib68tc/landrec_d5.zip?dl=0 <- this is land rec mod for dom 5
i remember one time my mage got visited by a pile of eyeballs and blinked for 50 rounds before walking up and kicking it to death
which again should be vanilla functionality imo
(adds inland recruitment for uw nations)
those suck. the only void creatures worth a shit are elder things, vastness, thing that should not be and greater otherness
yeah
is it possible to have a bless build with ma ryleh
anything is possible
will it be good? no
i guess when you talk abt uw nations its a can of worms
kremath there is 1 bless build with ma rlyeh
blood vengeance to stack on top of dr, and regen
the only bless that matters is arcane finesse
which you always get
because it makes shroud into +1pen
plus finesse ya
are your mind blasters sacred?
no
no
your only sacred is starspawn priest
and some void summons
also, powerfully, indie sacreds
there should be a mod that makes it so every upgraded uw fort has an abyssal well site or something
i think it's probably okay for water nations to not get good stuff inland
they should get coast for sure
but land gets shit all in the ocean too
there is normally like 2-5x as many inland provs as water and coast
idk
maybe make the water breathing global cheaper/easier to cast/more paths
yeah but as long as you make stuff on coasts you just concentrate it there and move around as needed
like if you grab the entire ocean and every coast plus maybe a few land beyond that
you gonna be huge, and powerful. and should be planning throne grab
fwiw i think land nations all getting guaranteed uw stuff would be fine also
.markov
.markov land nations
ok.
fuck the ocean. land should just have an easier time of exterminating the ocean
maybe make some amber clan if you care to
and ignore it forever aside from income besides that
i mean you could add indie merman scouts and maybe even w1 mages to their poptype and it would be fine i think
but yes acid sea should also def be in the base game
though some nations should
like patala gets water naga
so when you are inevitably banished to the ocean, you can make things there
same for ma xibalba
#selectnation 98
#uwcom1 "consolation naga chief"
to represent being water naga they would be grosser looking and weaker
bobbit worms with naga faces
agreed, no hypnotize also
yellow bellied sea snake naga
i like jomon where they have good troops underwater but no way of getting there
bc they're idiots
they can be more venomous but without hypnotize
"after the incident, john attempted to generate money from his renown by forming a band, the severed parts, to pay his mounting medical and legal bills, although the band was unsuccessful and failed to generate enough money."
nice
<@255835336083636234> what did you use for hosting? python anywhere?
oh nvm yours is written in something else
yeah, just an aws server. you can use that for python too, but it's a bit more complicated
you get a year free though which is cool
ok i'll check it out
.markov scales patala
hmm.
a nation so powerful it defies emulation
something in the corpus broke the decoder
nah jbrereton is probably right
the bot was simply rendered speechless by the majesty of scales patala
.markov
ok so its the server
works fine when hosting on my local pc but not on this cloud service that i spent money on.
i am going to make them sannyasa naga who reject the materialistic regular naga
with their jewels and shit
i was briefly making a good monkey la nation that lived in comical air bubbles and was brought down by friendly kinnara
crab spearing markata and all
i will give them a quarterstaff instead of a spear
.markov
have them eschew weapons perhaps
but have awe due to üôè
you're not selling, you're buying
they will have walking sticks i guess represented as a quarterstaff
water shape no weapon at all
hilariously enough that would mean they have better combat stats on land cause quarterstaff owns
or maybe a bone spear
that'd be easier. just give them a bone spear no hypnotize
.markov scales patala
dammit.
it is too powerful
ok its just because i dont understand how git works
.markov scales patala
there.
i have successfully hosted a bot in the cloud
.markov blessrush ma ryleh
it only has a couple days worth of corpus
nobody has blessrushed ma ryleh yet.
i want n gems
remember to post inconguous yet lyrical things for the bot to repeat
also nobody has probably misspelled rlyeh as ryleh yet
.markov jbrereton
do you offer payment plans
. markov ryleh
yeah, i plan for you to pay me in exchange for gems
.markov ryleh
know what would be neat
duplicate nations
thats a fast fuckin way to figure out where you balance problems would be (also ermor wars)
that was done a lot in dom4
all ea ermor game all nazca game i think there were more
it makes sense, that when pangaea wins in ma, presumably they populate the whole world and nobody remembers where 'pangaea' really is
so a bunch of pretenders show up all swearing that their sacred grove is the real pangaea
p sure that with very few exceptions all the nations are an east india company type deal where they just use the humans' preexisting tax programmes and census data for the benefit of an extremely foreign pretender god
hell yeah
the bad boys of turntaking ride again
i found out from the bug report thread
ok so it's known
wiped lol
apparently merrels or whatever are pretty ghood
if a pretender has both #triplegod x and #gemprod y 1, and if that pretender is dormant or imprisoned, when the god will wake up, one of the three trinity members will start with 1 gem as normal, but the two others will start with a number of gems equal to the number of turns from the begining of the game.
merrows
!details

all nazca game, but also the map is abbatoir
https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/941684603262663175/505ed6b4140240a78c5ed95b887f3703b84584d9/
aids!!
aids!!!!!!!
aids!!!!!!!!!!!
don't move your tauren
why is the nazca timer fifty seven hours
who is hitler. i demand to know
can size 6 trample size 5
actually would it even matter, since there's just 1 thing in the tile anyways?
someone convince jomon to go ai
yes
they can
and it matters because you trample more than one square
does haste make you trample more things in a turn?
probably
it gives you more combat speed
yes
and it also gives charge bonus.
isn't there that winged head bull god that has air magic and trample?
i think i am finally owned in nazcagame
sorry for being slow again, i should be home in time to finish up this turn pretty soon
i no longer remember when or why this war started, year 2 i guess. in the grim darkness of turn 48 there is only hellwar
jonjoe i'll have you know you killed a freeman on the land
i'll have you hanged in the admiralty courts for this!
<@153656281448710145> you're a few hours from missing your turn in surrounded
actually less than 2hrs
charge maxes out at strength now
or half strength for baby lances
so haste doesn't do much
thats stupid.
does flying allow assassins to scale walls?
n
are you sure samog
sad!
oh
i was going to test with the first flying assassin i could tihnk of
but demonbreads have scale walls and flying
<@96715337440952320> (extremely tc voice) looks like this burdens been lifted.
if anyone wants to reimburse me for the dispell, i'd appreciate anything
i need everything i can get against the pan/pythium/ermor coalition
<:goodbread:372905342822252555>
.tagged hitler
that settles that
.tags jonjoe
i'm very confused as to how you got to that province
your god doesnt even have mountain survival
is ethereal crossbow + eye of aiming a good assassin
oh but i guess he would have in the previous province
like, shoot a guy, and they die. because you have 20 precision
and it always kills
or is banefire crossbow better
i am crushed w the burden of choice
just cast skeletons
oh fuck me.  i drunkturned the wrong global.
it doesn't always kill
you need to beat mr don't you
https://twitter.com/classiclib3ral/status/956256786465640450/photo/1
lol
!details

im doing it. im making the ethy xbows
!details

i told you guys pan and ermor were working together! but you never listened!
gem deal still stands if anyone is interested
why is absum black
seems fitting
why
y tho.
god samog
you can't just ask people why they're black.
ethereal crossbows might run into issues if they have bodyguards
well, not really, but this the channel is the place for declaring imaginary alliances
they don't, at least this turn
im giant hunting
and next turn i can equip with bottles of living water, too. which will deal w/ baby bodyguards or slow down giant body guards enough for the crossbowman to hopefully kill them
that'd do it
you know ethereal crossbow doesnt do anything if they win the mr check right
and then you sit there reloading for a round
is that bad
is banefire xbow better
i mean if you want to assassinate gyjas, what do you bring
golden arbalest?
what
its much better
isnt it just a crossbow
it fires twice a round
and has 10 precision
and does ap damage
all crossbows do ap damage
don't try to assassinate gygja probably
that's a terrible plan
well i dont want to fight them!
what about bow of war
theyre astral
just magic duel them
with a cheaper mage
oh wait that's only a % of them
well you can magic duel those ones
disaster has struck my doggo took an affliction
which one
neverheal
ive never magic dueled
not even bad
is it just 50% who wins
he was one province away from finishing expansion with none though!
it is if they have the same astral level
it's drn+astral level
on both sides
roll a d6 on each side + astral level
tie both die
magic duel will work, however he will just ball up the ones without s
and kill you with them probably
if he does that, mindhunt them
some dude tried that on my jotuns as pythium and that's exactly what happened
i am looking for "this turn" solutions
roll over, die, and go ai
i never ai
it would reduce my supply of turns
which nation are you
ea ermor
oh
just cast heat from hell
i assume you have heat 3
yeah i got evo 5 this turn
heat from hell is ench6
ill have it in two turns
i guess i could just sit in the fort. he cant siege it. its not my capitol.
if he brings hurlers the walls go down in one turn
is it just popsicles and grammas
he brought 15+ sacred guys, 6 gyjas, 2 jarls, uhh, some humans
the big frosty boys
lol what a fukkin joke
heat from hell cast fire ele a few times and you win
my current plan is: assassins assassinate stuff, i cast breath of hte desert and attack
that is not a good plan
that will result in: dead assasins
wasted gems
don't you have h3
no
h1
you done fucked up
im not ruining my scales!!
i guess you have to breath your own land
does it instantly set the province to h3?
when you have shittons of fire magic heat is not ruining your scales
it's making you more powerful
isn't it a -30% income for every province for the entire game
no
it's -15%
that is huge
except, temperature is seasonal
so no, it's not actually that
wow so sometimes, for like, three turns, its -10
it extremely does not matter
there is a reason good players always have either neutral or an extreme
3 ticks for points, or if you want cold (snowshoe) or heat (fire wizards, cold blood)
fire elementals and heat stun + burning are far more powerful in h3
if you light a niefel on fire in heat 3, it never goes out
until it's dead
your heat auras are +1 aoe per heat scale
and heat fatigue from heat from hell is stronger
fire eles have heat power and have better stats
oh right
i forgot to mention
+2 enc to all enemies in your dominion, which is either cancelled natively for you because your wizards have fr, or is easily cancelled by buffing it
its late spring, and the siege starts next turn
so, it'll be early summer +2h
is the fort full of wizards
its got uhh, i think 6 or 7
3 elder thaums with flame skulls or skull staffs
babby ones or str
depending
and 4 babies
well as long as you have level 5 fire ele and heat from hell it'll be fine
do you have any chaff
if not make like 2 dozen gladiators
some fire emelentals will destroy probably
since thats like skeletons
those guys : they are gunna use skeletons at you
yes
i have
neither of those
skeletons are real bad vs ethereal stuff that kills you for trying ot hit it
rip
well get fire ele first
its like turn 30
if you spam those hard enough you win without heat from hell
turn 30 you should have both, for a while
im going ot have alteration 5 before the end of year 1 i think in this game
even after throwing away 2 mages
must be nice to play games with cowards who don't ea xib rush you on turn 3
its nice to not play with ea xibalba ya
well you aren't dead so that's something
as ea ermor, at turn 30
so whether you win or lose you did fine
hey whos the guy from popular culture (maybe shakespeare i think its that guy at least) who sits in the bushes while someone else calls up to the lady in the balcony feeding her lines to seduce her with
i have in fact fought the same scenario you are describing <@184675842432040960>
a meme was made https://i.imgur.com/e51b8oi.gifv
i have very vivid idea in my mind of that and i dont know what its of
ea ermor seems really god
good*
that's cyrano de bergerac
jsoh
thank you
its not shakespeare but it was written before 1900 so close enough i guess
the end of that war was fucking perfect https://i.imgur.com/80ff0fm.png
we both ai'd after that
chef_kissing_fingers.jpg
tfw literally everything dies
a couple of fire snakes slithered away
did the niefel guy make fire ele tanks
or is he just awaiting death
if he didn't build anything with fr you can just dumpster him
http://i.imgur.com/lzigxzd.png how much needs to be changed from here
obviously nazca
add ur 2
probbly add in erithea
add sparta
oh yeah they exist lol
i would not put la man on there
debatably remove ea abysia?
ma man is debateable
paladin bless marignon may be too good
actually i forgot dragons are str now fucking lol
yeah get mari's dumb meme bless having ass out of there
a b y s i a
mekone becomes the new king of shit-tier
https://puu.sh/z9o6n/eb5915769c.jpg
https://puu.sh/z9o7x/b1c10ec77a.jpg
do the tattoos make ulm any better?
marv you mean i thyink
i thought sauro, marv, and ulm got blesses
but i've never checked ulm
not blesses. tats
gath is not bad
if this is a badnations list
lol you're not suffering under the jackboots of pythium while you have me bottled up in my cap
dingus
no ulm
tats is just marv and sauro
<@!169456837236621312> he has absolutely nothing but gyjas, jarls, his sacreds, and some human chaff
my stone huaca has a limp
do they have gear with fire resistance on any in the front
are they niffle jarls or jotun jarls

the blue ones
sniffle jarls
oh wait
jotun jarls, sniffle giants
maybe he has a big fr bless?
jotun jarls do not get lit on fire quite so hard
they're still going to be 5 points out of their element right
its 2 cold
they like cold 3
so if its heat 2 they will be extremely encumbered unless they have hot resist
its 2 points of fatty per bad scale right
i dont remember honestly
what is this list, is a badnations game in the planning stages?
its the old bad natons list maybe kind of updated to dom5
it would be fun to have a game with ea, ma, and la abysia in it
and by fun i mean terrible
jsoh i send you my stuff when i die in nazca right
will you defeat mukip for me
probably not
i could try tho
can a pretender die on a march from being crippled
2001 do not read
no
commanders cant die of it
they just get extremely reduced map move
lol if the army just deserts by marching briskly until their commander falls behind/dead
basement stairs the godslayer
if he's smart enough to bring a fire ele this could happen though https://i.imgur.com/swsvkqt.png
he can wolven winter to drop your heat and just grip + rigor and you lose once the time runs out
cause those together are a lot of fatigue per round and fire eles are cold weak
what's the cast range on ww
3 times?
like 5 but you can extend it
or he can just drop illwinter and perma cold 3 the planet
which i assume he wants to do at some point
i want to play a game as xibalba just to steal the sun and have someone else have to make a new one
it never happens
stealing the sun is as common as casting utterdark or celestial rainbow
<:rip:372893660963930112>
i can't figure out why my thugs routed
if hes been running around with 6 gyjas all game how likely can it be his research is any good?
i tested and retreated 1 dude out of 4 and the 3 stayed
all he needs is ench6
grip rigor and skelespam
<@332710960554835988> we will tear each other to shreds!
if its turn fucking 30
6 gyjas are not going to be an imposition
that made me laugh more than it should have
six sounds pointless yes
probably would just need one and a jarl
plus the chaff garbage
maybe a couple extra
wait wait
can i teleport into his army with a +3s guy, magic duel him, and then do returning and go home?
err
can i teleport into his army with a +3s guy, magic duel him, and then do returning and go home?
is that a thing
magic duel is 100 fatigue
i'd knock off their last few territories, but i've got a big army heading my way
returning is s2 and needs 2 gems.  so if you give them 4 gems then they could burn one to reduce the fatigue cost of magic dual then gtfo?
...or they're already s2 and they'll already reduce it.  derp
s3
you need s3 to teleport
welp, magic dual fatigue shouldn't be a problem üòÉ
having an extra skill level means the mage suffers only ¬Ω fatigue, two extra skill levels means he suffers only 1/3 as much, three extra is ¬º, and so forth.
so magic duel would be 50 fatigue
and returning is 200 but who cares, you're safe now.
or, uhh, 100
i should do this with my pretender, hes an s5 divine emperor
does ring of returning occur before or after you take 90 damage from a giant punching you in the entire body
after
welp
why would you have a s5 divine emperor
that pretenders so fucking bad
eyes of god!!!
its the best
you can pick a great enchantress and get the same paths
for the same cost
and you lose 1 rank of dominion
in exchange for having shoes
and +1 pearl a turn
or a great sage for a insanely indulgent like what 20 points more
hes got extra pockets!!
shoes are better than pockets most of the time
crone gets pockets and shoes!
right now hes got a bird leaf, a skull, and a lantern. hes so smart.
see a great sage
might take the lantern off
has like +20 research for not any gems
and also ameks everyone else in the same province read gooder
much better
idk maybe??
i made this guy like a month ago, and i had no idea wtf i was doing other than "i like eyes of god and i want a bunch of blesses"
i guess if ur ermor you maybe get a discount on that guy
hes 80
but still its a lot better to take any other guy
8 dom
so you save a lot on that last candle
sure but it doesnt do much for you
more knights!!
can you make 8 knights
yeah
barely
8 every turn
since like turn 9
thats actually impressive what kind of scales do you have wtf
uhh 3o 3p
ermors overpowered.
i dont know waht my scales are
i would much rather make 4 temples to get that extra holy point than spend that many design points on it
you get holy points from temples?
ya
every 5 temples is +1 up to a max of ten
it gives al lof the benefits of dominion strength
42 design points for a dom2 base to go from 7-8
seems not worth ot me
so marveni should build temples everywhere??
i should prob start doing that in my marveni game
why
more candles, duh
i mean, generally its good
we just went over this
except if someones going to come along and gank your temples
having a shitload of temples in not forts is a huge incentive for me to come knock down all your things

becaues it shows me you spent a bunch of gold on things that dont stop me from taking your things, and also allows me to hurt you more than just regular raiding would without also having to bring something big enough to take a fort
you're gonan look at that, and say "why the fuck do u only have 1e"
and im gonan say "someone told me to get 1e"
you probably had 10 points left over or something
yeah
1e would be a lot better if he had feet
fuck feet man
he has 6 feet
tfw 6 feet and u cant wear shoes
if you were going to have a pretender like that again i woudl suggest taking growth 3 and paying for it with misfortune 2 and heat 2
or something like that.
growth is very strong
yeah next time i would get heat 3
since im basically using all fuckin fire magic
oh uhh
do banefire bolts or darts or wahtever, work with -fr
no
banefire is untyped damage
!spell banefire
<@282646158218756116>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=banefire&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
it wont melt sniffle giants
they wont light on fire no
but it will sitll do af ucking lot of damage
bane fire and to a lesser extent bane fire darts entire thing is they just do a shit load of unresistable damage
and ruin anyones day
the spell "bane fire" does 55 damage
good to know
theres no resist on it , but prot can reduce it, but it halves all prot because its armor peircing
shadow blast good?
so like, a cold 3 niffle giant will roll 55 vs 21
err
55 vs 10
i think thats how it works at least
acutally is cold prot natural protection fuck idk
the bad boys of thaumaturgy are gonna be d3/d4 so it would be a size 8 blast
yeah its pretty strong
but not so much vs giants they have high mr ithink
neifel giants 15 mr, gyja 17
yeah its nuts
my first plan was etheral xbow assassination
bane fire is good for murdering thme in one shot
assassins dont do well vs death mages
i got banefire darts. probably no banefire for a few more turns
they're scripted to enlarge and bless before starting skelespam
gygja are not sacred
and uhh
nobody follows scripts in assassin fights anyway
o
and the ai loves making skeletons
thats not true: defenders dont follow scripts
assassins do
if its head 2 nifel giants have like milita level attack adn dfense scores and bad prot also
but are still really strong with lots of hp
they will die to fire balls
i can do fire balls
i can do a lot of fire balls
were temp gem gen items per turn or per battle? do they work for multiple battles in a turn?
is fire cloud any good?
i can do that too but it seem , ehh?
maybe just have one guy doing it?
i think fire cloud is prob better than fire ball
there was a patch note awhile back about making clouds hit dudes more often
in this case because large single targets fire balls might be better
fire cloud is my go to evo to spam as fire against skeles though (if you are not spamming fire eles for some reason)
they'll probably switch to fire cloud when the scripting ends anyways
jerek have you considered selling me nature gems
the only thing limp about my god is his limp dick bless
so my neef solution seems to be in place (the solution is balls of fire)
now just gotta deal w ethereal retard agartha and im all set
so my neef solution seems to be in place (the solution is balls of fire)
now just gotta deal w ethereal retard agartha and im all set
the battlefield is 100 tiles right
sometimes
<@111626193605783552>
whoops
<@!177843734656974848>
kill me
sorry i am working real late and by the time i remember turns its too late
ill quit, its my bad
theres still almost 40 minutes
plz dont quit
https://puu.sh/z9ulk/d70abdec94.jpg yomi bless
lol
!details

as turns continue to increase, happiness decreasees
jokes on you jsoh, i'm yomi in 3 games, and people reading don't know which yomi that bless belongs to!
stupidrobot
probably
i genuinely have no idea, my build in all 3 games is different and my memory sucks
utgard is about to disappear
utgard was forced ai
!details

yomi in 3 games
yw
how does a man sink so low
you may not like it, but this is what peak oni performance looks like
you have a huge advantage conot
in stupid robot
in that your god is bugged : (
and also im very stupid and have a bad bless
why do you have a temple in every province you owe. why was i just able to walk in and destroy 3 temples and a lab
before anyone fought me
hows the god bugged
the fire resist vs solar weapons thing
his god has innate fire resist and then more from fire paths
so i hit it and it does 0 damage from solar weapons unless i roll exceptionalyl well
instead of like 4
oh
he has like 11 , so he effectively has like 45 prot
against solar weapons
when he should ahve 21
what do you mean why do i have a temple in every province
it's yomi
yeah you dont get any benifit from having temples in places that are not mountains
except the regular temple benefits ofc
mountains and highlands and forts
nnnno, all temples summon oni
no
they dont
unless theres a oni boss in them
i have one in a swamp in 2001
or they are in those terrains
summoning oni
is it a border mountain swamp
if thats actually hapepning its not working as designed i believe
did anyone tell cryle that some cursed items are picked up after combat but others are ont
hmm
ok you are right its giving me onis in every provinec
maybe im misinformed or thats broken
maybe the reason im so bad at yomi is i have no idea how yomi works!
the truest yomi strat
as to why no one was there to fight you
my main stack was fucking around on the other edge when some dickhead decided to aggro me üò†
my bless fucking sucks+ is also bugged to be nonfunctional basically against your nation so im dead i think lol
i mean even without any bugs, all oni are fire resistant so
yeah but
effectively 15 fire resist compare to effectively 5
jsoh's bless, for reference
[12:21 pm] jbrereton: actually temples everywhere spawn onis but mountains and highlands = double pace unless they changed that when they took out swamp namanaris
fair
though unless you're fuckin' hurting for gold theres still no real reason to not build temples everywhere
freepop is freepop
also trying to do turns by teamviewer is the fuckin' worst
ugh
jsoh i have a feeling about weapon blesses
which is that they do not always proc and indeed can sometimes not proc at all if you have multiple
b/c it feels like you get for say 2 blesses 2x 50% chance of them going off
what's the proc rate then?
.markov
good bot
good bad bot
bad good bot.
.markov
.markov
this is a good boy
this is a good bot
<@!148098869782118401> just a heads up, discord bot guidelines get snippy about bots responding to messages not directly aimed at the bot
i doubt it matters for this one server only bot but just be aware
fuckem
what are they going to do
how is good bot not aimed at the bot
<@317410996169736204> because it doesn't use a prefix, and theoretically multiple bots could end up responding to it
plus, as exemplified there, it responds to it midflow of a sentence
as i say, it probably doesn't matter for here, just giving boing a headsup
<@110869804197351424> revoke api access, probably
i dunno what range of punishments they use ü§∑
running out of good bort license plates in the gift shop.
make the robot say trillwinter every time. someone says discord corporation
make the bot say my wife. every time someone says my wife
make the bot react with the put litter in its place emote to everything conot and cryle say.
actually auto reaction emojis is probably less intrusive than text replies and it's funnier imo.
.q add mu i'm envious of people with better avs then me
make the bot ignore conot
make the bot respond to everything conot says with an animated emote.
i don't think bots can have nitro for animated emoji
also we don't allow out of server emoji so
foiled again.
<:rip:372893660963930112>
.request a feature to selectively ignore conot
.request emoji responses
there.
.request my wife
.request respond to every instance of the word illwinter with the trillwinter emote
.request disable .request
lol
.tags samog
.tags conot
nice
thats a good implementation.
<@160127200803160064> i do have a cooldown on the bot responding to non-bot messages for this reason, but i could increase it i guess
as i say, it probably doesn't matter for a private server bot like this, i was just giving you the heads up
.tag conot fake quote adder
all quotes are true in their own way
.tag jsoh blessrusher
.markov
.markov boing
.markov the
can you pleas play with your robot in private or something
i dont know
the other markov bot couldnt so
it works apparently
!details

.tag lord sloth | slothful
please remove this shameful fake quote from my quotes.
.q mu
.q mu
you only have one
.q conot
.q jsoh
.q samog
owning myself by putting my mages directly behind my troops against archers
foolish
.q add jonjoe owning myself
i need to make a naked priest bless a bunch of naked sacred archers, against other archers
caelum is hard
maybe this is what the stupid wingless ice armour guys are for
did illwinter say they were going to make a muspelheim nation
or did i dream that
you dreamt it
i think they have a nation id reserved (?).
someone made a muspelheim modnation which i always remember bc they used sprite transparency shit to give the giant a sick ass lens flare effect on its sword.
http://i.imgur.com/qxxmbhx.png  heck yeah.
damn thats cool
that does look amazing
is that thedemon's mod
or is that a new one
and ya the id above the other heims is reserved for muspelheim i think
breaking news: paris zoo evacuated after 500 baboons escape enclosure
breaking news: paris zoo evacuated after 50 baboons escape enclosure
homestuck
!details

!details

im dying
.q add cryle homestuck
zonk is making a balance mod lmfao.
the old markov bot could do it in pms.
dominions lens flare hell yes
zonkmod
where all of his mistaken preconceptions are fixed by breaking the game
who is zonk
he is a very vocal active beta tester
he is also pretty much always wrong about everything
is it not working in pms samog
everything
is he the one that gave animals 1/2 siege def
all my games are currently 1 player with a turn unfinished
the turns must flow free. destroy the unfinishers.
problem: wolves are too strong for 2n
<@96715337440952320> make them cost more ü§î 
@zonk halve their siege defense
are wolves too strong for 2n?
yes
arent they just dogs
i think i have only used wolves for patrolling on blood hunts
or from howl.
that is something they are exceptionally good at
howl wolves best wolves
[9:48 am] boing: is it not working in pms samog
and many of the nations that blood hunt also have low level n mages and sometimes n income so they're basically a free way to prevent unrest being a problem + destealth enemy spies
no idea.
aoooooow. howlwolves of london.
[9:48 am] jonjoe: who is zonk
hes just a guy who posts a lot and is kind of dumb.
like me, except im the smartest and best
*trips overself* same
damn it
my joke was stolen, twice
riidi take your turn i want to shoot fireballs
!details

!details

fiiiine
!details
!details
the bot stopped listening to me
for twelve versions you have been asking, who is zonk
this is zonk speaking. i am the man who loves his life. who does not sacrifice his principles to alter values.


zut alores
huh
if you think about it, it actually has been 12 versions
nice
unchill game: i've got an assassin on pretty much every square within 2 tiles of my border and they all have different weapons so whenever somebody steps on one of their squares i say "uh oh you've landed in the eyegouge zone"
0-11
it released at 5.03 but yes, exactly
cryle i cant. im eating breakfast and my baby is waking up
also monkee get it right they have 1/4 their old siege defence, or 1/8 compared to dom 4 when you take into account halved hold up the wall in general
which i,m extremely glad of
i save my dumb and bad opinions... for the ballot box !!
bit of political humour for u there.
maybe the real zonkmod is the conservative party manifesto for the local elections in may this year
boom
it's nice that wolves can be commanded by any mook with a leadership ability
new trait: wolf leader
<@96715337440952320> mogg will be pm
demi please do not suggest to uw that animal leadership is a seperate tag
mogg will never be pm because the tories would never have an outwardly catholic leader
animal leadership should require nature paths <:weebey:403422121466003456>
.!.
i'll make a series of shitty mods that change 1 thing and host games using 20+ of them. then get annoyed publicly when people don't adopt my mod suite
when is the goon balance mod
let's port pudmod to dominions 5.
wait, are their any items which give stealth to non-stealthy units?
<@!148098869782118401> wolves are hella good and if you add up how i spend n in any game where i have blood, it's probably a sizeable percentage, maintained throughout the entire game
considering it's conj2, that's kind of ridiculously good
shademail haubergeon and amulet of doppleganger
thanks
seems odd they only one for air is an artifact, but oh well
put in a stealth-granting item requiring blood called the skin of another.
yeah
const 2, five slaves. 0 prot 3 reinvig stealth 40
and const 0, n1, ghille suit.
ghillie. whatever. shitass word.
lol
can't wait to get started on the mu item mod
.
first thought was a centaur in a ghillie suit but that is built in
item mod sounds cool actually what other niches need filling
spell mod
mercenary mod
ottoman empire mod
n-no...
item niches.
item mod idea: unrest reduction but also bad leader hats for civil leaders
someone kidnap mu and lock him in a basement and force him to make mods all day for food
hyperbolic time chamber item that mages you age 10x as fast but gain 10xp/turn
do they also research 10x faster
no that's another item
new unique armor: the power loader from aliens.
the candle lit at both ends, 99rp but also 50 years/turn
i would make the fuck out of that
had caelum craft me some rings of levitation, put them on a guy to ferry over to my army. looks like he routed in a won battle
it is a unique and i think not an unreasonable idea
ol billy-boy is floating off to heaven
hay baby monkey wizard, hold this fucking candle and read a book.
then next turn, he dies and i give it to a new one
ya
or be an elf lol
just give it to a revenant???
no undead/demon would probably be a property
since it implies it's burning your life force
forever in a moment.
it is constr 8 in my head so i don't really care but maybe no undeaders also
bring back luck3 event artifacts
does a mage who dies in his lab while holding an item still get buried with it
no now it goes to lab
so he can take his starshine skullcap to the afterlife or whatever
not sure, if they die of disease they throw it in a lab
thats good
automatically. extreme qol increase
idk if he gets killed by an arrow or someshit but definitely with disease
do assassins steal items from the mages they murder
just lol if you never endured dom3 machaka at least once manually managing fever fetish on a large stable of spider commanders, named by month and year
lol
sagely: that is my fetish
it owned. you named them by year-month that they would die of disease assuming you picked up never healing wound
you would remove it if they did, or rename them to their no never healing wound death turn
you did this, forever and forged more all the time
it just gets progressively worse to manage until you are mercifully eliminated or the game ends
gemgens sound fun
in general, not in particular.
at least the others were fire and forget. you just pushed pool every turn
fever fetish was a special hellish case
impressive that they had a 'pool gems' button back then
i dont remember when that was added but it i remember its presence
but genuinely it sounds like lategame dominions where everyone has hundreds of gems per turn is peak dominion
the blood hotkeys did not exist yet
you could pool slaves, but the suck everything to this commander province didn't exist. you had to manually move every blood slave onto the scout
good, fuck blood
it wasn't as strong hilariously enough
because with clam spam and easier access to level 9 magic, if there was a blood person in the endgame you just armageddoned nine times or so and they were done
even blood guys had to clam spam so that you had the ability to wish for slaves
wish: war crimes
.tag <@!205774730244915202> slow
!details

!tag <@332710960554835988> slow
aw man bot cmon
!details

!details

!details

.tag fauxbot slow
wow jb. can't a guy sacrifice a bunch of stupid trolls without retaliation
lol holy shit. 20k died in a plague
you have a 2n retard. do you want to cast sleep cloud or panic?
you want to cast the creeping doom, really
wise dom player: uhh actually you want to cast this really nifty thaum 9 spell or whatever.
atlanton i hope we can work together constructively in future
thats not even 2n! its 3n!
aaaaaaaaaaah
but 1 gem
you speng
65 bugs ftw
what is it you are fighting that you are thinking of panicking/sleeping
heres my situation: i like using gifts from heaven and i dont particularly like my stargazers. so now i have no stargazers
salamanders and burning ones
haha oh boy
prob sleep
it might bust their armor right
did you cast black plague on me or something?
it sounds like a coincidence to me m8
uh huh
like mainly you don't want to miss and panic your no doubt much more cowardly own troops
i have paved a road to his capitol, with dead communion slaves
when the stargazers died i used my gutaters, and with the gutaters dead im looking real hard at these 1s druids..
have you cast the powerful spell "personal regen" with a communion master
its not my fault gifts generates a lot of fatigue
rip
you should have communions the druids together
with fatigue calcs instead of getting a 4x multiplier divided out it would have been much lower
they could have used gifts a lot more heavily without deaths
i had 8 stargazers once
stargazers should be built into soul slay or cascades spam squads
stargazers don't have e magic cryle
so they take mega fatigue from gfh
i mean they still work but you need a lot to divide the fatigue up
normally you kind of want your most diverse + strong mages as the slaves if at all possible
so you're saying its their fault for being stupid
not 8. 8 are gonna die unless it's like 1 master
yes
i had, uhh, i think 8 slaves on probably like 6 druids/elders
i remember when all druids were elder druids
it was great
for about 5 rounds
so you could have them all casting gifts on their own
then it was just 6 druids and all the stargazes died
it was great. i miss dom3
lets make these the most beautiful 5 rounds of our lives.
do ritual castings still go in province number order
like if you are as an example patala right you probably want your 4xx1 mages as the slaves so you can cast whatever you like and maybe not even die
it goes in order, but chooses randomly between top to bottom and bottom to top
oh jesus
get fucked shitlord
with e1s1 slaves your epower puts them to e2s1 and they can support gifts spam ez
or even more excellently, epower and pots on another guy
it's how geomancers work
yeah
basically you want the level disparity from e3 to be as low as possible to diminish fatigue
and then if possible get an n1s1 mage to cast personal regen as another handy buffer
cryle do you have some anti abysia troops like the angry guys w/ a huge axe or is this pathetic javelin time
b/c if so destruction will be v handy
i greatly outnumber him
and i can cast rain
that will do *checks notes* uhhh nothing
nothing at all
the fire shield still works. they still punch the same
against abyssia?
yeah.
yes
it makes their heat shitty kinda
it literally says "this reduces their heat"
it makes heat less toxic for you. it makes their spells harder to cast
that won't save you thoguh
that's it
whats going to save me is gifts from heaven
if you're dying to being set on fire vs being punched, it will have been a really weird fight
i would have probably just spammed destruction personally cause it's cheaper and i would go straight alt 5 as marverni
why
okok heres the master plan: 2 druids slave up, 2 elders + 1 druid master. the druid casts rain. the other druids do earthpower and gifts. another elder druid teleports in and does light of the north star and gifts.
gifts is insanely unreliable
if you have like 1 dude casting it
or not crazy high precision
and my pig casts bladewindx4 then earthquake just in case
but see. bladewind would own with destruction
yeah in retrospect?? i guess??
and assuming you have an assload of humans, destruction makes all of them hit really hard
of yeah. if you don't have destruction, then nvm
are water elementals weak in heat scales
do they have fr
they have fr and are amazing against fire things
although, they aren't frozen and don't have protection in heat scales
not being frozen is okay
yeah. it's better imo
they have damage resists in warm form
but they'll still get punched is what i mean
ya although ice ones would get the most punched
due to trampling and proccing like 20 attacks from every surrounding square if they haven't attacked yet that turn
hmm i dont know if that works
.tags <@!205774730244915202>
.tags lord sloth
what does liquid body do again?
i guess it works if you @mention people but it doesnt register that they are the same
turns your body liquid
i might fix that if i have time.
how suprising
slash, blunt, pierce res + afflicton resist at the expense of movement speed and strength
it's good
ah... so water elementals have that innately. v good illwinter
they have liquid bodies, atlanton
tfw when you cast liquid body on an ice elemental but it doesn't turn into a water elemental
it's a slurpie elemental
ya slush elemental
it turns into this http://www.thevapeshop.co.uk/e-liquid/ice-e-liquid-flavours
i will no click on thevapeshop.co.uk
the plape shop
http://slushpuppie.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/classic-mobile-3.jpg i'd play this nation
freak lord: i have created a man with five necks, so that he may drop more slave collars upon death
modnation idea: those grey dudes from sockbaby.
so im fucking with my arena mod but i'm very dumb. can i just edit the normal arena event
and set it to fire automagically every year late winter
no
#selectevent does not work
can i delete that one then
you can delete every single event and artisinally hand code them all other than that one back
game is bad
tell me about it
i can't even find the fucking event what is the id
i did ask when they did the cataclysm thing if we could get a more reliable way to trigger the arena and maybe have a victory condition based on the # of wins there
searched arena, tournament
get this monkee
it isn't a regular event
dominions is like a good brie, in that it is covered with some gross tough stuff that you spend like 10 minutes trying to chip off, and then everyone in the discord tells you "no that is the best part of the cheese, you should have rushed alt 7"
is the only way to get it to seriously wish for it
ya
or rng it
is there a way to apply the specific wish for arena effect to a spell
instead of wish
ahahahaha
.
g a m e  i s  b a d
i guess arena mod is just... the same as it was in dom4 then
can you put this https://www.dropbox.com/s/klfrh5mdn1ddo4d/arenamod.zip?dl=0 in the mods channel
https://www.dropbox.com/s/klfrh5mdn1ddo4d/arenamod.zip?dl=0 arena mod
i did a very very small amount of work with the water mod yesterday
what about the rockers channel ha ha.
i created the text file, stole several assets and modified one item
good
as an undocumented feature arena mod includes frost fiend sprites and shinu flag differentiation for all ages games
i follow in the spirit of how illwinter does things
is the shinu flag 128x128
which is the new flag size
no i guess i have to edit it
trillwinter
can i just blow it up to 128x128 and resave without it looking really fucking ugly
or do i have to find the new flag sprite somewhere
i did exactly that and i dont care if it's ugly because fuck to shinuyama
lol
#rekt
i also fixed all of the id numbers so it should be good for dom5. i will check if it actually works when i get home i guess
honestly m8 just release it and people will tell you if it's broke
already done
god the original items are so goddamn bad
that fucking heavy ass armor piece just lol
the champ cuirass?
aye it's an abomination
#selectarmor 200
#enc 1
#end
that one and the weapons are the biggest pieces of shit probably
gladius has 1 attack, no ap no aoe or anything. trident is 2 attacks but locks you out of shields
which is why i deleted the trident and just made the gladius have 2 attacks and ap
yeah you should
<@!169456837236621312> when you increase the image size, choose nearest neighbor method
it keeps the sharp pixel edges
what did you change abt the arena
also i wish arena was moddable
i really wanted to make a bi-seasonal arena mod
like every winter and every summer there would be a scheduled arena and i think that would be cool
all of the items are modified to include a 150g monthly purse
and possibly tailored arena gifts, like looking at the winner for magic paths and maybe making a unique booster or something
and all of the bad items were made not bad. the trident is removed and replaced with a shield that gives invuln 10 and mirror image
nice
invuln10 is so meh
if that destroyed my vineshield i'de be pissed
vine shield is not an arena combatant item
but skeletons
i couldn't think of anything that would find both invuln 10 and mirror image useless
but swarm
if you send a mage to the arena they should die on the way and your pg should get 100 horror marks
a skelespammer would appreciate the invuln 10 and the protect from arrow
lol
and everyone likes 150g
early mages to the arena are so easy though
when no one has any construction
yes...
if it's 150g though some people would maybe send their gods
because that's a significant boost
an assured death sentence later, but the gold income is good
sending your god would make it die next arena
yes. but you get 150g a turn
because by next arena people would just have frozen heart or liquify or something
i guess
if it's a particularly swole god he could maybe survive that stuff too
hell, just doing curse and skelespam would kill a pretender
dunno what kind of piece of shit pretenders you are running but the badasses over here can take one skelespammer
the pretender wouldn't get its blesses fyi
i'd be more concerned with anti sc thugs or bottle wizards with some idiot spell to fuck them up
if it's one of the ubiquitous en gods he will self cast regen + epower and not care at all about skeletons
any blood nation could easily make a god assassinator
leech is blood seven though
life for a life is 8
still, the real argument is that it's probably worth it to trade your eventual pretender death for an early boost
specifically if it's a god that is only to expand early, who's bless is not critical to your survival
so when he is called to account and murdered in the arena you aren't fucked for the few turns it takes to call it back
inb4 reincarnate god
are there any good nations that would appreciate a lich sc?
the ud specific blesses don't really work well for theredos i think
or sceleria
sceleria sacreds have teeny tiny hp and no prot so ud regenerate doesn't work well
and the blesses that work well for sceleria sacreds don't work well as a lich sc bless
maybe nazca
<@282646158218756116> what nazca bless do you run
a7w10 awake
a7.. thunder weapons and quickness?
are there any ud sacred nations that would benefiet from ud regen besides lemuria or ma ermor?
benefeit
hmm marybe morrigans but they already have lifesteal
i guess la agartha
is a sepucheral build for la agartha even good?
my only experience with lagartha was mo money, recruiting blindfighters everywhere
!unit sepul
<@178868273935417344>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=sepul&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
i like that my wandering ronin dai oni have 7/10 hero slots in therodos game
please leave me alone
go fite caelum
i'm not fite
i'm on safari
around the world in 30 turns
so assuming that therodos doesn't die horribly to everything in the first year. what big magicks should be researching?
beyond more fart vapors
and swarm
burton of tim
i have to research my flipper mages first for that
you arent dying to anything unless there are other uw
atlantis üòÑ
you are dead
lol
but i have floating mind to survive
i guess i should probably research water elementals to counter his water elementals
maybe jsoh knows what to do
floating mind will die in like 2 turns to atlanteans
his whole gimmick to survive is ethereal
which does not work on atlantis
what you should do is roll over and die
i don't even have body ethereal yet
checkmate atheists
atlantis mentioned failing expansion into merrows, so i'm hoping he doesn't realize his advantage over me
lol
he also took an obelisk, so i'm hoping for a pillar bless situation
.markov
hm
ea atlantis seems to only have one magic weapon troop
well
also living pillars
.tags jsoh
oh nice we have tags
they have deep one spearmen
which is the one you spam all the time anyways because it's 10g for 2 decent attacks and one of them is magic
i could probably earthquake a bunch with my floating mind, but that takes rp
if you can get rp you can take him
if he's halfway decent at the game you will be sieged in your cap year 1 tho
would eq be the thing to rush you think?
or swarm
what paths are on the mind
uhhh... i think w4e5s4n2?
fucked up
alt2 ench2
then alt4
that was the plan
then either conj for elementals or evo for earthquakes
oh wait. i guess i can't cast eq underwater
the mind has been earth melding like crazy against indies and that seems to be really effective
monkee what are likely immediate research goals for lanka? i have a plan but i'm not sure it's the best one
i guess it probably depends on what you're recruiting
any air nation with access to an a3 probably wants tstrikes/stormpower/storm asap
in that order
there are a surprising number of other, lower research things you could go for first instead
but yeah thunder is very good
depends who you're next to and if you went high bless or no
skelespam into abysia would be a mistake but vs like marverni it's prob a good shout
yeah as i see it like, t-strike is an option
skelespam is an option
some kind of nature shenanigans are an option too (web, swarm, sleep cloud)
internet went down bad yesterday. should be back in the game in a few hours.
rushing blood and construction is an option too but one that gets you killed if your neighbors are smart
eventually you will have all this stuff
if you survive, which is cool
seems like a very versatile nation some ways
hmmm
i wonder how a pure blood nation would do
only blood mages, no xpaths
they should get rushed and killed every game
p bad i think but agony could carry them against some factions at least
yeah imps + agony does some work but probably not enough
itd probably depend on the strength of their troop lineup
unless their troop lineup is better than ma abysia they'd do worse than ma abysia
which isn't good
ma abysia has decent troops but not a lot of toolbox
hmmm
interesting: there is no nation with an out-the-box garaunteed demon knight caster. at best, some nations have access to it on a random
or upon forging a blood/earth boosting
booster
berytos generally gets them
ye, on a random
but there is no garaunteed e2b2 in the game
ea pangaea is pretty good too. not guaranteed. but if you recruit two pans, it's essentially guaranteed with earth boots
yes, i understand that
theres a big file full of community approved pretenders im looking at right now, and ea ermor has a demilich with 2a10d
the palest riders
would glamors protect against arrows?
i don't think so
and when an arrow hits the glamourman, the glamour gets popped
<@184675842432040960> stop stalling the turn.
night of the long submits
it seems to be long so
<@170392794706214912> donm do this to me
!details

üíÉ
i killed aby
brelb
just realised it's teh weekend üòé üòé ü§ë üî´ üíÉ üëå ü§ë üòÅ üëå üëç
https://i.imgur.com/mjduw8m.jpg
oh, weird
after the patch all my forts can be upgraded another level
_scans this image for burgundy_
üôà
the clans triump under lion's leadership
!details

well actually they all fled and then the myrmecoleon went berserk and slaughtered everything
the clans falter under lion's leadersihp, but triumph under ant's leadership.
that was a lot of pd
that was a hail mary and im shocked, now everybody should dogpile hellheim because he's pretty much down to the elf volkssturm after losing all hit shit
i will regenerate my losses at an alarming rate
also yeah. fear bless is a little underwhelming with the changes
from dom4 'insanely good and op' to dom5 'reasonable cap on morale penalty actually'
it's good but not stupi good
educational
antlion.
not pictured in this screenshot-
the 250 units of pd
how much pd was that anyway
"im not owned, im not owned...", ramc croaked as he limped from the battlefield, "i'll send in the ss!"
(i did rout all 250 pd units üòê )
"mein fuhrer..." said the remaining vanherse, "steiner... steiner couldn't mobilize enough men. there's a cap on sacred recruitment."
the kitfox stratagem
kitfoxxed again!
61 pts for 292 guys. apparently it's cheaper because of a "friendly civilization" bonuses since the pd were lion tribe
i'm not crying i have allergies
i'm not spitting blood this is victory wine
lol
owned by racism
he's probably not happy about my armies invading him that are immune to fear and glamour
:crosses arm crossly:
i did a lot of testing trying to combo the awe and fear bless, and kept butting up against how expensive and mediocre the fear component was
i want to love fear, but not at d10
yeah
fear should probably be like d8
now
blood vengeance is b8
"why did you lose to machaka?" "he could afford to set his pd to 61 because in the world of dominions every black guy knows each other"
yikes
hey can i just.. like.. have one guy be the communion master and do nothing but cast buffs, and all the slaves cast the real spells
slaves can't cast
o
anymore
but what you have described was a real strat in dom 3
magma bolts: untyped damage? just "magic" and "crush" so they work vs fire boys and earth boys?
yeah getting hit by a big chunk of magma just crushes you
i think they also have a chance to set you on fire
which fire resistance will help you not take damage from
what happened to maverni?
yeah thats what it reads like
pretty easy to cast spell for what it does imo
who was gonna do the friday blitz
someone promised
there would be a bliztztz
i should summon some lammashtas to see if they are good
it doesn't have any aoe
it's like three very heavy arrows that set you on fire: the spell
it's good!
the magma explode one is way better though
!details

yeah thats a few turns away right now
my big magic artillery is shadow blast
also that battle is against agartha which is all earth eles and magma babies
can someone test if bringer of fortune units stil lwork
ive gotten 0 events since patch
could just be unlucky but okay
which t'ien chis have them
gg
middle
i have luck 3 and many fire birbs
<@110124675580862464> have ur rus results changed since patch at all
very confusing that i feel like i have three viable rush targets as bogarus
boo
why did you all decide to fuck up expansion
i have about 255 masters of rituals and i am never seeing more than 6 events a turn
sometimes i see only 1 or 2
pretty rare that
*tho
i have order 3 and luck 3
got 9 events!
at about 300 dudes
283
then 3 next turn
then 9 again
so i think they are working
11 events at 336
pretty sure you cant rush me
but ok
still can get turns with 5 or less events with nearly 400 of these little bringer of fortune 2 dudes
rare though
i think it's rolling the d100s
maybe it used to use bringer of fortune + luck to roll, and now it doesn't?
probably not
probably just bad luck
ye
ty
anyway i got 15 events at 398 dudes, gonna stop now
all my provs have 100 defense and i have 55k gold in the bank
so there's a death match
are we making any rules for it?
@boing pls let me have 80 in lanights tia
oops
does it still ping if i had to edit it for the ping
lol
probably
jsoh i got 7 events in rus last turn in nazca game
speaking of which, i forgot which troop i decided was best. chud hunters or bear warriors
chud
they're cool
but also they are on team horror.
ok. that was the most fun i have ever had looking at an inventory tracking system
??
the system didn't filter input data
so, i pulled up the configuration barcode on my phone, put the scanner in configuration mode
changed it to barcode 128
and sql injected their system
and told them to fix their piece of shit code
did everyone clap
no
mostly i was trying to make it obvious that we should not buy this
and that programmer... was albert einstein
barcodes are super fun to mess with. if you ever have to work on point of sale or tracking systems and you bother to learn about them
and business applications are usually shitbad so you can break things hilariously with idiot knowledge which is all i have for this kind of stuff
our pos system at my place is p poor
they usually are
like someone at the uni macgyvered something together
velcro is for real involved
the stuff we were looking at is pretty new and expensive
and also very bad
well "new" the interface looked like it was made in 1998 and never updated
very win98se ui feel
helheim did, i believe

üòê
and it just took raw data straight from the scanner and fed it straight in which is super cool
!details

it's turn 9 and i have 3 provinces
!details

rule 1: don't lose
bad harvest in your capitol. eat shit guy with luck scales.
counterpoint: getting 1000 gold, gems and an artifact with luck 3
fair
i meant more along the lines of don't be a jerk like the ai and send prophets who just smite duel for 50 rounds lol
yeah i am always tempted to summon they
are lammashtas sacred?
yeah it is a wilderness of garbage
i dont think so
they aren't your units anyway
right
but
i was thinking maybe it summoned them and then they turned horror team the turn they were summoned
and if your pg was in the battle they could end up blessed
but still hate you
i guess that's insane
they are not sacred in any case
it should be so so so so so easy to tell it to cap input at like 20 char
it didn't even filter for input
it was supposed to accept alphanumeric barcodes
u can generate something like this though, with like 10 seconds of looking up the configuration thing on the internet https://i.imgur.com/d4vqpd9.png
set the scanner in config mode, change the barcode type to a cool one with special characters and then generate an appropriate barcode on the internet
that's neat
do you need to know what kind of hardware / os the thing is running on for that to work? seems like you would.
you need to know what kind of scanner it is to google the config info, and then you could just guess by slamming in inputs
hm
i wonder if you could make a barcode to make self checkouts dispense cash
the blindest of blind injection attacks
false
or just for free groceries
those wouldn't accept negative dollar values would they
free groceries would probably be easier to manage
they have cashback generally
that's done at a separate step though.
true
seems like something that i could spend some time looking into if i wanted to go to jail eventually
more like lacka
as in, lacka turns
i saw a guide on how to reconfigure atms so they read their 100s stack as their 20s stack
obviously if you know what it's hooking into it's a lot easier, but i'd imagine it's not exactly secret knowledge and you could get it with trial and errors
so you could withdraw a hunded in 20s and get 500
relies on them having default factory passwords tho
man
i wonder how many atms have factory default passwords
probably not many
never underestimate the stupidity of man
right after nine eleven, when i was working in govt, sometimes i had to go up to transmission towers on mountains and things
the gate and security codes were the same at all of them, depending on who owned it
and if you googled it, it came up on the internet
wow
i guess the 7-11 down the street from me did have the atm stolen out of it by the same dude driving a pickup truck through the front wall and then pulling it out 4 times before they caught him
and they sure did keep putting the atm back in the same place
partial king retains his crown üëë
in a chain i worked in 90% of the places had the store number as the code to get into the back
yeah thats common
please stop encouraging me to do crime
dominions question: shinuyama? they are bad, but i am curious if anyone can wring some value out of them
it is easy to do a crime the hard part is to not get caught. the more you do it the higher odds of getting caught. its extremely not worth it
they are very bad
i worked at a pharmacy in cambridge that my friend tells me is in gravity's rainbow as a place hobo characters steal cough medicine to chug
i am like 'yeah that checks out'
people are superstitious: gain 30 unrest
also i realize now that i've sorta fucked my scales. whoops.
i thought 'they're bad but there's probably a good way you can play them.' after some practice games i couldn't find it.
make ten thousand bakemono archers and lose anyways
is a good strat
take unaging bless probably
that is the strat lp superstar gabriel pope used against me in corn
but i was pan so
poor fuckin shinu not a single god with n natively unless it's a man or an immoble
i am currently shinu in a game
i am crushin' it
yeah, mass archers and go enchantment for flaming arrows is always a thing you can do
go crazy bless and make a god that can make shrouds to bless you shuten doji is an insane thing you can maybe do
that i want to try out next time i play as them
you have zero native s
so probably not a good plan
you could do bless strat but the only gem useful for that is death
<#
‚ù§
great enchantres
ez
yeah i think it might be worth a try and fail
shinuyama has a lot of things it can do but none of them super well
what would you even put on a shuten doji to make it not die
air shield?
ethereal?
heat aura/cold aura
they don't have invuln
and just pray for an s indie?
so like archers will murder you
quickness maybe
so they can life drain more
but yeah a bless to keep them alive long enough to heat/cold/sleep aura things
maybe stygian skin, or barkskin
brigand lair in my cap, thanks game
shinu would probably be okay in a disciples game
they have 8 base prot
not good, but okay
hmmmm, if we ban pan, asspodel, and nazca
ermor idea: cyclops w death explosion and astral, and all he does all game is forge shrouds and medallions of vengeance
shinuyama kind of maybe needs unaging also
i am doing well with that and scales
the mekone giants being size 4 with formation fighter 1 is almost cool
would be cooler if they had formation fighter 2 though
3 forts churning out sorcs as quick as possible
why don't they have halt sacred
like ulm does
alll of the anime nations are good in disciples
because they have powerful sacred gem sinks
nobody plays disc games
we don't have a way to host them on snek
is why
lets fuken disc blitz right now
uhhhh
i mean i can host a game if it was really wanted
but disciples are poison
disciples blitz sounds like it would unblitz kinda fast
because you have to actually talk to your teammate
it doesnt work as a blitz
enforce a 3 minute turn timer
you can
but also no
not a hard 3 minutes but like in a debate
can corbeau's mapgen make disciple maps with clustered or unclustered starts?
lemme check
i want to play a disciples game
its not an option??
i also gotta take a shit so imma do that real quick
how do you organize a disciples game? have people volunteer to be team leaders and work out the bless? will all the good players form a wrecking squad and leave the rest of us to flop about
yes
probably also draft
you make teams, then you draft nations
then some stupid fucker makes a map and everyone uploads. then u start
with the first pick in the draft i select: middle nazca
and within 2 years half the teams are ai and the game is a rolling garbage fire
next pick in the draft: any other nation with air income
next pick: any other nation with a spell that summons sacred units
nazca jomon mictlan
or shinu rather
just because, you have to pick shinu
hmm
it makes them feel better about themselves
i would prefer more capital air income
but mictlan is for sure
mans income is air and nature right
man fits in there
they have no sacred summons worth a shit
and their sacreds are trash
yeah but
they dont need them to do anything
they dont need the gems os much either
since you just wizard pile
and longbows
if you had that team everyone would take lightning resistance bless
so you'd need someone else to be the god and pick not shock weapons
can you imagine how dumb battles would be if disciple's dudes all joined the same side in one battle instead of there being consecutive battles, so that your scripting could fuck up your allies' scripting
every battle would devolve into the battlefield turning into a poison quagmire
i like the idea of allies accidentally standing in each other's earthquake traps also
i mean either c'tis goes early and everyone loses, or they go late, and just c'tis and their opponent lose
i tihnk man is obviously the pretender in that build monkey
and also you probably eventually want perpetual storm
speaking of which the thing i am most disappointed in myself in in dominions 5 so far is that i did not use a scout to supply my immobile god in nazcagame with earth gems so he could earthquake repeateadly
not satisfied with killing a thousand men already
i could have killed all your idiot wizards with their making skelemans
and then maaaaybe killed the banes and banelords before they chopped me down because less distractions
but
no sense crying over unspent earth gems
i would have sent the thugs in several turns earlier if i wasnt worried about you reinforcing the statue with mystics
i would have sent them in alone, too
i think i could have killed them alone
maybe not, though
jerek did u see the story of my monolith repeatedly spending 10 gems on earth elementals after defeating a single scout
this is the kind of ownage u could have felt
hey everyone big news i found the correct use case for the crown of +undead leadership
its : u have a guy who can sail and need him to bring a bunch  of skelemans to a place
sounds legit
i was gonna guess you give it to a shitty fishman indie commander to lead undead invasions under the sea
skeletons are really bad under the sea
theyl ose t oshit you can't imagine they could possibly lose to
also about being under the sea, is oceania even more op than pan?
lol
dont they just have most of the same shit but amphibious?
no
oceania is decidingly not pan
centaurs minotaurs and satyrs
just with fishtails
yeah
fish tails and laso like
-2 stats
they also dont have seducers
it is literally a worse pan
or maenads
don't they have sirens?
sirens just kill shit
they dont give you diversity
oh hmm
also oceania notably dies to any other water nation
i like that they have people with lobster claws on their heads, but hate everything else
if oceania has the ocean uncontested its the normal 1 water nation bullshit
ugh guys i am crushing it as shinuyama in more turns
turn has turned
who is helheim?
its me!
it has
bone tribe has a caster unit right
i swear they had, like, a super obnoxious unit
they have a wizard
and also all of their dudes are berserkers
boner eaders
surprisingly few units with 'bone' in name
i wish i didn't summon those fire drakes
i kinda like having a few of those little guys around.  not sure i'd make a lot but if they happen to be in the right spot then they can potentially fry a lot of stuff
also javelins
<@282646158218756116> mictlan gets bonus bless points i assume you let him be god
oh yeah that makes sense
berserk+thunder weapons condors
or just regen
condors have like 15 hp dont they
18 wow
this is my ma mictlan god https://i.imgur.com/gcoumhs.png
it would work in disciple too probs
oh is their
bonus astral air? i thought nature air
i just had a battle where all the kills were from them
frying my own mans
i am too used to abysia
2a 1n
i did not use the n just cheap thunder weapons
i would probably adjust a bit for disciples and make two versions depending on other nations
why luck
you dont need luck for twist fate
hmm that god seems fucked up i must have had luck and changed my mind
that would be cool though.
https://i.imgur.com/bjh6vlb.png for no ashdod team
if there's no ashdod team that works fine
wouldnt your entire team get dying dominion
ma mictlan doesn't have dying dominion
ma mictlan is the friendly cuddly one
yeah, that happens too üò¶
the fuck does nazca even want on a disciple
barkskin
?
you dont pick a bless on disciple
just a chjassis
oh sorry i mistook nazca for abyssia,  and disciple for pretender and want, for really want
heavenly condor?
can get air 8 +2 in anything else
can certainly expand with that bless also
https://puu.sh/zavfy/0be722748c.jpg
ya that looks fine
you get 1d6 condor friends with luck quick thunder blood surge so he could expand regardless probably
if there was some fucker bless team on the other side with like ashdod + jotuns + agartha or w/e it would have to be modified
cause they could do quickness fire&shok res and we'd be fucked
i mean
you just take unholy weapons right
the fucking real low mr on condors and jaguars is painful
yeah. probably air shield quickness unholy and twist fate or luck depending
alternatively fear+air shield+ quickness
you'd need offense on there though
actually maybe try to shove in berserker somehow with unholy if you went that way
so eagles and condors can hurt normal stuff
actually instead of unholy
stack strength
ap damage vs statues tho
3 sources of +2 strength
nazcar can strength of giant and rage of the rat
condors with 23 strength are probably fine with no ap
also they are very angry and never run away
whats the paths on rat rage
thau4 n2
oh
that ez then
i thought itwas more than this
https://i.imgur.com/zzjkymo.png to deal with team lame as fuck giants?
how much berserk is rat rage
+1 i think
giant is 4 right
yes
so 23 strength condors hitting 4 x a turn with 18 attack
how many does a8 summon per turn
oh and with that i can send all of mictlans pearls plus her pearls for huaca
which when mixed with condor will provide a scattering of awe
noice
i can't actually think of a good counter to those sacreds
18 magic attacks at 23 strength x 4 built in arrow fend with berserk
22
there is no scenario in which you do not get horribly fucked up to win
i dont think you need another air nation as 3rd person
you have 2a to start, can alch s and both mictlan + nazca can prioritize a2 search
you will very easily sustain 9a
having berserk on all of your mages tho
yikes
born to die world is a fuck
at least mallqui are immune to berserk
and turket is not sacred
maybe marignon is the master
mari suffers terribly with those scales
yeah but they get zordon and 2 discounts
and honestly only need production 1 for maximum paladin
can friendly masons upgrade forts
i guess u just give them the province then take it back
mictlan doesn't care
city palisade own
https://twitter.com/asapyams/status/142155772007153664
same
<:hehe:373231691184996352>
thank u samgo
.tag <@237764927492718593> slow
!details

.tag <@237764927492718593> staller
not a stale
but a stall
!details

being able to make nazca cap only guys slightly faster would be good nuclear monkey
but if you have to give your capital to marignon for a while its maybe not worth
on a scale of 1-10 how terrible is the octopus pretender?
its under water so 11
rip
water margin ep 4 https://synchtu.be/r/teevee
water margin ep 4 https://synchtu.be/r/teevee
wow i am bad at video game
<@179427307386044416> teevee
<@230792589580697600> play your shame turn you fucker
can a bunch of assassins take turns trying to kill a guy
or can you only be assassinated once per turn
<:hehe:373231691184996352>
<:beandog:373233424527523851>
<:prism:372894359680712727>
<:head:403422448760127489>
you can be assassinated as many times as you want
woot
oh hang on
ill make the tv role
i did it
you are the tv role
!details

hooray
i am a mall cop
i will pester others to adopt the tv role
tfw when your plan to win a game is somewhat hampered by having gastroenteritis so the execution is no good
tfw
<:holy:372894715315748885>
real dedication
to give you diarrhea. wow therea some gamers among the enemies
sounds like we can expect a lot more posts from <@96715337440952320> ha ha ha ha !!
whats a good item for nazca to forge to use to punch a monolith to death
dusk dagger maybe
2 smashers
that also ya
pro strat to kill monolith from surrounded game: simply have the battle bug out somehow and keep some of your routed forces on the map long enough that the monolith dies alongside them in the cleanup phase
i think i almost got that
from my dudes being hella paraylzed
if i had the berserk bless ive been workshopping as a replacement for blood surge i would have
i glanced at the battle report and thought it looked really bad for me beacuse i lost like 30!!!!! dudes
and then i looked again and every single tihng on the enemy side that wasnt a monolith died
this i think might have been due to a turn-specific thing where they were earth melded by the monolith on the turn they were supposed to run
13 mages
for 22 condors and 7 condor warriors 7 supayas
adn another 4 of something or other that didnt retreat good
seems fairly worth
sucks tho its getting close to horror fun times and i just lost 2 attacks on thrones
what does sphinx/dust walker throne cast
i feel slightly "done" that the enemy apparently got their monolith inside the fort when it finally woke up
this guy teleported his hes been awake a long time
nice larger/unaging bless ftw eriu not entirely sure what that was about but good job
enlarged golem dominion monolith
is not something condors can kill in 50 rounds
have you considered simply casting weapons of sharpness
dont have the reasarch
also its etheral
huh
shock fatigue damage is not just stun
its also just adding fatigue
ya
the stun is as a secondary effect to the shock/shock-fatigue damage
huh
might have killed him if it was condors in front instead of supayas mostly
but they would ahve been more often paralyzed due to shit mr i guess
shit mr and also their weapons aren't innately magic unlike supaya spear
more supayas would probably have done t
started at 340~ hp and they chipped it down to 104
102!
gave him a chest wound at least . it says it will give 5 spellcasting encumbrance but that doesnt make any fucking senses
some bugs limped cryle's hauca lol
1 an damage super strong
t i n y b i t e
love that the uw version is the completely useless version of tiny bite
which is 1 damage capped at 1 but not 1an
lol
fuck the ocean
love 2 have a 58% chance to do 1 damage to something with 0 prot
why would you cast swarm instead of casting water elmentals
i totally shithoused this throne in therodos game
sailed in my skeleton crown telkhine friend
leading 2 casts owrth of hidden in snow goons
and like half a dozen sea dorfs to cast dragons teeth
and the guy i was fighting staled that turn so it was just vs pd
lol
jsoh of course anyone w/ a clue and ability to read the mod inspector would not cast swarm uw but for those who do not, lol
ys went ai?
<@!205774730244915202> whats up dude
j bereton do you want to sub, for lord sloth
its 15 turns until cataclysm
the entire world has gone to shit
i do not really no
<@282646158218756116> ? i have no shame turn
true
not anymore you fuck
you just let it sit for the full timer
you ahve to submit when you die . you died in warcrimes
and everyone waited .
the true pro revenge strat
brainwrinkle don't tell me i got no turn, i don't do no turn
are ethereal units immune to earthquake?
or uhh, resistant
ya
they roll vs earthquake the same way they roll vs any punch
also it's resisted by defence
is nifflehams actually good
it seems kind of shitty
like none of these changes really help nifflehams.
niefelheim i think might be a shit nation
doesn't help that their pg selection got gutted on the release version
so they can't get 2 free f gems/turn
that pg is actually so expensive im not sure its even worth it
it's 240 which i think for a blood + astral nation is prob worth it
niefel doggo is definitely a better raw fighting pretender tho
!details

if lanka stalls im postponing all wars to fuck w him
!details

they could at least get some water bless bonus or something so they could take a cheap quickness doggo and rush celestial rainbow
https://puu.sh/zaflg/d663113616.jpg
research goes dogs> evocation 9
on turn 40 or whaatever when you get niefel flames someones gunna get fucked . up.
marverni what marverni
yup
lol
ah
that's a lot of area that's about to be ai chaff
dw, already doing so
god damn fucking flaming arrows failing to go off
i should just go back to blessed giants, much easier
!details

yay turmoil bro didn't sall :toot:
i've just recruited a mage named ma wang
[in extremely zonk's own zonkmod voice] also i haven't tested this extensively, so i'm sure there are bugs. specifically, i didn't check if ys recruitment works properly inland.
ya it does sound like a burden to load up silent seas and go 1 prov off the coast ü§î
wheres my demon general undead leadership jbrere
üò†
it cannot be added to a game in progress but is in the current version to download
also how are you doing in the yomi mod game
eh meh
not had a proper fight against anyone yet
the starting onis in cap made expansion a lot easier tho
what do you mean
about demon general
the demon general prophetshape lacked #goodundeadleader because i accidentally deleted the tag while cleaning up some nonfunctional magic stuff
.markov demon
have you used the yomotsu spell conot
and if so how have you found it
don't think so, which one is that
the swamp castable namanari transform
<@282646158218756116> demon general loses like, 50 undead leadership as a result, which amused me sharply considering the prophetshape is described as "a very good commander"
oh!
i did actually, during a test run
it's nice to have greater path variety
not used it in anger yet
lol
none of rus pd has a ranged weapon
not a single one
fuck you game
after the solar weapons trebled prot debacle i am slightly worried that demon cleansing is going to double demon prot in a hame i am in lol
<@96715337440952320> i always have difficulty deciding whether namanari transforms are worth the gems on anything other then giving them more paths for site searching
what does rus do against 16 demons of heavenly fire
it's a big research boost conot
and 6 heavenly doggo
yeah
how good are your bears r/n jsoh
they have quickness and luck bless
but you need death gems for summons n shite too
im certain i die
do you have the swarm or lightning damage spells
yes
they fly
and have quickness
b/c if so i think you own them quite hard although luck is going to be a minor prob
i believe my mages might be died
very fastlike
put them in the middle of your pd shamecube imo
he also is apparently prepared to cast "make water elemental"
probably one of the top 20 more useful spells in the game!
is orb lightning good
it seems very good
id ont know if this guys going to attack my capital or the fort next ot it h,,
hmm
orb lightning is quite dangerous
yeah
im extremely unsatisfied with this game and want to explode myself
because im going to die to ai
in that case arm everyone with thunder whips and cast orb lightning a lot
because i havent gotten any fucking events in like a year almost
and the ai sent its unstoppable army of "guy who gets gold so he can have troops" to take my province that has 4 fire gems a turn
... are you dying to ai agartha?
yes.
well not dying
but i lost an unbelievable amount of things to them
ive killed their god again lol
i'm ashamed for you
same.
i had enough gems to make him go ai
but not enough gems to kill his stack of like 10 oracles
see kids: this is why you don't go ai
i killed his god
again
by having some trolls
you can always be a clever stubborn bastard, instead of letting the ai do it
because i was trying to make a death mage so i ahd to make a forest troll
forest trolls do pretty well at killing earth elementals + idiot gods
gods are suprisingly fragile
i learnt back in the dom4 disciple game that a stack of 30 tuatha warriors can kill pretty much any combatant god
i think i'd racked up three dragon kills and a gorgon by the the time it finished?
everyone other than me is much stronger than me because they have the capacity to make troops
therodos took my silver mine :(
lordsloth reporting for therodos game. one day internet crapped out on me, next day i collapsed asleep. this morning, i couldn't complete my turn in the thirty or so minutes i was drinking coffee. i should be back on track, aside from being invaded
ok!
yea, go and talk to abyisa and cealum about that
wow thats a lot of mages
https://puu.sh/zahi4/8e1217cc10.jpg unfrozen warriors confirmed for good
hmm spartae dont have descriptions
kill six billion elves
are spartae supposed to not be undead beacuse thats fucking silllly
yes
they're statues iirc
ok yeah it says on the tin they look like skelemans but are not
do they not have descriptions because this game started wbefore the exist
or is it just :illwinter:
no they don't have descriptions because illwinter are lazy bastards
who didn't even give them to mekone like they said they were going to
this is a very very strong spell
i think i probably, probably, didnt need to cast it 15 times in that battle
but it certainly helped
that battle was won with rigor mortis+farts holding all the birb wizards in place until they died of poison
shit that was real fucking close, i very nearly accidentally put the guy holding illwinter into the death match
high stakes
im much better at playing death/nature nations than playing fuckin rus or mictlan i think
if you hold a global in the arena you should get +2 att/def imo
just to encourage some ballsy plays
nah
a hard coded unique effect for each
lol
eyes of god +10 prec
what every powerful astral mage dreams of, more precision
cold power 3 for illwinter
joke is that the arena is neutral
that would be very good
yeah
the arena should be cold if iw is up def
and hot if second sun, and dark if dark
yep
i like that it is sometimes randomly in 2 magic spook zone
except the arena is well known to be run by interdimensional horrors
its fucking goofy how much better at leading demons/undead melia are than any thing yomi gets really
like yomi would kill for melia
my best move so far has been blanketing the abyssia/maverni border in scouts. this is real melodrama! we're onto our fourth huge turnaround.
that feel when meliai are described with water being not their natural home but they are uw recruits for therodos
yeah
they live under water because the kingdom was destroyed
but they dont like it
cant see in the dark
they are also coastal
im soon to have enough pearls to make a ring i think
so i can finally cast the boat
except that i got mages from hidden underneath that dont need a ring
and also my rp is really good so i have to chose between the boat or a telkhine
seems like a pretty clear choice
comedy boat
yeah
theres so much coast that i dont hold
and i have like 10 w a turn so i can do both really
sadly in ea tc game i hold roughly 70% of the coast in the game so boat would not be too great
i feel like if i cast the boat tho
its going to run into some huge army from someone overreacting to my ghost raids
cast foul air as well as boat then
to punish them for this
lol
i need a telkhine to cast foul air...
man if people dont start shaping up i might literally win this game as therodos and thus have to strike them from the list of bad nations
b/c if  i can win 2 games in a row as a nation they cant be bad
even tho this game is insanely dumb
oh wow actually
this hero telkhine almost has fuckin rainbow paths
need to empower once to cast rainbow actually
or empower like 5 times in blood and i have no blood
<@96715337440952320> do you know what spells sphinx throne casts
no idea i'm afraid
what paths do they have
rip
probably will of the fates or some shit
sphinx have s/d by default
that seems not likely considering its shades
let's put it this way: do you think it's more likely they will cast antimagic / rigor mortis with illwinter coding them
hmm
im sending a bunch of royal mallqui to insanely brutally banish the shades with aoe 12 banishes
and also a pile of mans to slay
they also have dust walkers which is midly irritating
i hope they cast solar brilliance and insanely brutally fucking destroy my 300 skelemans
and laso pop my royal mallqui
lol
banish has friendly fire right
ya
i dont think boing got pinged after all
hey <@!148098869782118401> let me have 80 in lanights
pretty brave to make demands as a nation with one troop
absum who are you in la nights
support the troop.
do not cave to bogarus imo
isn't having one troop during la the standard
no
i'm so close to going ai in lanights, it's been going real poorly
would anyone be interested in writing up their pretender design /strats etc? id be interested to know what you guys did and what youd improve etc
i cant handle misfortune
i dont know hwow to get rid of horror cults
yeah sure. 1) i'm bad. 2) blood bond + regen + tree
3) sloth, cold 3, okay scales
so, who's starting a new game
im down
:just post:
hurrah i won the deathmath
i came within a few mins of putting my illwinter holder in there
!event cult
<@96715337440952320>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=event&eventq=cult&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1&loadevents=1
.markov <@96715337440952320>
screw you bot
get to dominion 6 mugs
preaching with your prophet with a temple in the prov will get you there eventually
.markov <@160127200803160064>
oooh
.markov trillwinter
.markov yomi
it's not the same if i can't get the bot to spew random nonesense at someone in a pm
.markov hey
üò≥
.markov jsoh
.markov
.tags gonadic
!details

im never taking anything that isnt an awake god ever again.
staying #woke
.markov woke
.tag jonjoe woke
<@96715337440952320> i will say that yomimod wise, 3 turmoil/3 sloth is actually less bad for income then i first presumed
!details

agartha if you spare my cap i will cast burden of time
all your dudes live forever so this is good for you
if you don't spare my cap i will
cast burden of time
but it won't last as long üò¶
please do not cast the evil spell
i will do it and only agartha can stop or enable this
so it isn't even my choice
u are the master of ur fate
:carves no fate into desk:
<@358380674312437760> gg
https://i.imgur.com/5avp6at.jpg?1
seems like my best move would be to siege your cap forever and protect the precious bot caster
i wish your god had still been alive, that probably would've made it a lot more climatic
but it turns out an unbreakable front line with flame weapons and 20+ priests are pretty good vs. undead
sounds legit
bot vassal state
you can all be safe and sound, nestled behind my slave shields
:through forced smile as visibly aging: i... love agartha
also the fact that you were at war with two other nations was p. good for me too :x
ma agartha  
dom10 o0p1h3d3l3m3  
asleep monolith with e6s4n4, bless reconstruction, larger, minor & major magic resist, resilient  
didn't put a lot of thought into pretender design and that hurt me quite badly.  dom10 with larger was quite a stretch to reach but did interesting things for agartha's inanimates.  i might consider dom8 or 9 + larger later, relying on temples to hit the higher dominion.  expanded slowly & steadily with stock standard agarthian infantry and stone hurlers.  made a critical mistake in reaching long naps with all of my neighbours, leaving me 0 room to expand afterwards.  
definitely be more aggressive & less prone to long naps in the future.  picked a fight with jotumheim on more or less a whim, which lead to my demise.  did not have enough scouts out and didn't realise that jotumheim had captured someone else's cap and was able to out gem me, as well as not fully appreciating the implications of his blood bond + regen bless.  made extensive use of staff of combustion for my commanders.  in hindsight i should have had some but fewer staves and a lot more summons out.  
managed to hang in there for quite a while and even get my cap back a few times off of the back of stone hurlers on the castle walls & the fat monolith.  next time i won't pass up an opportunity (via hero) to upgrade the cap fort and also be aggressively teleporting the monolith.  eventually brought down by massed magic dual againt my astral magic monolith
tactics i used: nap n-1 neighbours, gang up vs nth neighbour, repeat.
a good plan
get warred by a weaker neighbour
how long had you held that other capital? i thought it was stupid but touch and go midway through and then those nature gems turned into nightmares
since pretty early, can't remember exactly.
asph was my first war for sure
damn.  i really should've had more information before jumping
it was the s4 that really got you though, in hindsight i should have just sat on your cap for years and i'd had had to without it
monoliths are fucking tough
still not sure if lad almost certainly causing afflictions on units who can cast it due to fatigue is a good or bad change
yeah sitting on the cap would've probably been a good move.  monolight can be dualed out as we found but it was a lot of effort to crack agartha's cap, with the darkness, stone hurlers and need not eat
maybe a few thugs with flying and weapons of sharpness would have done it
i am literally being accused of stalling a game where i have taken 4 turns in the past day.
pretty sure it killed  upwards of 200 garms by itself though
i fucking hate these people
would've been interesting.  failing that some battlefield spells
it was a lot
!details

a thing: monoliths get chest wounds.
where do you think they store their misc items?
monoliths can also get limps
riidi stop stalling
<@170661706421370880> what happened on utgard's cap
his god had a bunch if stacked buffs and killed 151 dudes on its own lol
in melee
!details

!details

!details

nice
what do you mean turnaround
!details

jesus christ is there no fucking way to fight burning ones without a million points of fr
not in melee, no
battlemagic or crossbows are the only wsy to go
looks like all my bladewinds hit the burning ones
and all my gifts hit the salamanders
weird coincidence!!!
salamanders have more hp /square than burning ones iirc?
which is probably why your gifts go there
does that mean anything
why doesnt blade wind go there
mages usually target most hp, but for projectiles will go for largest mass
is the burning one blob bigger than the salamanders?
.tag riidi samog
<:pan:372896697317064705>
ayyyyyyy.
<:batz:373233827352674316>
i lost a load-bearing battle
against one of the very few nations capable of killing me
!details

partial hitler pamc
never playing lemuria again, all the stigma of a dom-kill nation, none of the power.
also i hate how my mages form communions once they go off script, i had them loaded up with gems to cast on their own.
good game folks!
set myself to ai
.tags
.tags *
.markov who is a staler
.markov who is slow
.tagged samog
burning ones are poor formation fighters, so it's one to a square.
30 squares of burning ones. it's a sight to behold
just stellar cascades the burning ones <:wow:372896749716504588>
does yomi have astral
lots of ai's
ayy.
dont burning ones have big armor
.tags kremath
oh i see what you mean.
well bye
.tag kremath turn addict
.tag kremath the napoleon of krem
it's maverni fighting them, but they do have astral
cai-shen you moroooon!!!!
oh is it time to gang up on the pseudo elves
*gives mage 8 gems to ensure he can cast demon cleansing several times*
"ah thanks, time to make 4 water elementals at great cost vs an army that's completely fucking doomed"
but yea: the larger spread of burning ones will make the ai pick it for blade winds, while the higher hp density means it'll sends gifts there: the exact opposite to what you want
jerek is basially dead ad he's doing 36 hour turns in nazca, i guess that makes him a winner
i think you mean against a scout who got caught
!details

jesus christ
!details

this is why i hate relying on one key spell
flaming arrrowwwwssuuuu
.tags kremath
me
<@96715337440952320> conservative gem always
ya see this is the kind of mistake i would not have made without being sick üò¶
luckily it is not irreperable
no you are doomed forever sorry
these shoes seem really inconvenient tbh
like they absolutely own and if i win ea tc game it is mainly due to these balanced ass shoes but on a practical level, no good
i rarely have a solo thug who doesn't already have good movement
ok but imagine conot
if they had 35 map move instead of 17 or w/e
the shoes suck
boots of messenger are where it's att
boots of the messenger are a joke by comparison tbh
5 gem cost, reinvig, map move
for most purposes it is superior
the boots of seven mile strides = fliers go roughly infinity provs in 1 turn
i will maybe be making the boots of sanic for my arch devils
but for general use messenger is superior
but imagine jbrere
having teleport and blink
ok...
and so having functional infinite map move
remember quickness boot is map move 12
and also gives a buff that is very strong
true but for high quality mages you just want to be somewhere else, i think the map move boots are probably better
also someone talked about putting up a new game recently
and there is no new game
i have been rused
you can go through like 2 water provs and 2 land ones very easy with 35 map move
it is quite strong
new mod idea: boots of the explorer, automatically site searches any province a mage moves into, astral 4, 15 gems
anyone wanna <#384842667328274435>
debate my non-understanding of dominions game balance
i would enjoy more qol improvements to site searching
site searching barely takes any time i don't mind it too much
and if you absolutely do not want to micro the auto targeting monthly cast thing removes the micro entirely
i want voice of tiamat but for land
acashic record
isnt that like 25 pearls
more like ass cashic record lmbo
yes
do you know how many rabbit foot charms i could equip onto assassins for 25 pearls
its 5. 5 assassins!
i want a global that searches for sites in random provs inside your dominion
uh
is that a joke post
eyes of god does that right
no
it does not
cmon
it reveals every discovered site in the world though
oh neat
uhh presumably it would also reveal undiscovered level 0 sites
@conot has an amazing setup in the mountains in 2001. very lucky. i think its like 7 gems
is there already a global that does what i said
help
it is called strands of arcane power
wtffffffffffffff
which mountain
you mean the throne or
i think i read that once and got it confused for a gem giving global
strands is a legitimately powerful defensive spell if you have very high s
infiltrate should reveal research levels
jotun jarl: why his good luck so good? https://i.imgur.com/rupriq8.png
i wonder if illwinter will ever make battlefield manipulating spells
like spells that create walls and stuff
maybe the big thing in dominions 6 will be cluttered battlefields
i'd only be okay with it if death got one called "the shadow realm"
so i could say "its time to d-d-d-duel!"
earthquake repurposed to just fuck up your formations
would be cool if swamps had like, shitty swamp puddles in the battlefield and stuff or something like that
or forests had a ton of trees that would block projectiles
and fuck up formations
im assassinating all if neifs giants, and i cant kill them, but after 5 rounds they just run off because its better to die than deal with bullshit pseudo ethereal
multi tile monsters please
and better modding support
yes
also a new command called 'repeat script' or loop script or something
accept chaos
ya fuck to more scripting
5 is enough
being able to maybe affect the ais spell casting preference, slightly, while offscript would be nice
so you could make astral less retarded in assassination for example
shout out to the astral starspawn casting mind burn on a mindless void monster
or the badass who spends his last 6 seconds of life making himself ethereal vs a horror
!details

clearly it isslaan
i think astral in general prob needs some more good spells
give me a nation with wild mages who cast spells above their path level but have a chance of horrendous/weird/great side effects
really give me more magocracies in general
blacklisting spells for offscript would be nice
like atleast 1 spell
stuff like blink
or winters breath
no those are good
i fucking hate winters breath for making me worry about mages that have random water paths
stop trying to take away the stupid shit aspect
on a nation that doesn't have cold resist
whats worse is if i put all the random w shitters in a corner by themselves they can sometimes cast winters breath out of order and chill themselves like idiots
i hate it
like i'm ok with blink for the most part but winters breath just makes positioning annoying
also does cold resist help vs cold climates as reptillians?
i read that it does somewhere
!turns
it doesn't
marshmasters still take 10 fatigue in cold 3
they just don't take an extra +2
so it does help
i want to put up a game at some point with the mod that reveals all sites automatically
im in a game right now where the mapmaker put an icon on some tiles denoting them as good shit zones
which, while a cool idea, didn't seem to matter much since that is basically what thrones exist ot be
boing why are you ignoring me
he might be invading you
i'm invading you
fortune teller [100] would just negate all bad events forever, right?
in that province, yea
and also tell you about every event that has a delayed onset
i had the city of the damned in my cap ring
i think i should have built a lab there or something and moved some augurs
<@!169456837236621312>  if there is a global slot and multiple people try to cast globals into it, is there a priority system and can they knock other ones that are already up off other spots?
it'll happen by ritual casting order
(which is pretty much random: in province number order but random top->bottom bottom->top order
!details
once you try to cast onto a full list, it picks a random global and tries to overwrite: not sure of total gems or only overcast gems count for this check

this game turns v fast.
ok so if two people are casting a global into a list with one slot missing, the first goes through and then the second has a chance to overwrite?
it does like clash between them?
doesn't*
sounds like you should cast destruction.
nope
the  first goes through fine. the second will hit a random global(i think, it might be last slot but i think it's random) and try to overwrite than
<@!148098869782118401>
just invade him, absum. the jsoh hello.
i just want to know if i can have the indie province
you can give the province back...
absum send your turn into la nights
so you can have another turn to do
it'll be good i promise
take it and ask forgiveness
possession is nine tenths of the will of heaven
im asking because he will probably move his pretender to take it this turn
and if i have to take a different province i'm going to end up being a 1 province snake
again
that was a nice attack man
what
you cant have any province
go away
i havent looked at the map.
its the one south of your pretender
with the heavy cav
no i want it.
are you moving your god there
this turn
he won't respect you without the jsoh hello. hit him.
who was abysia again
!details lanights

hi
<@96715337440952320> nothingtoseehere described exactly how it works
ty
i am utgard the mightee
unless you have a laser dog and a renamed prophet there cannot be peace between us
who are you even talking to monkey
you
i dont border you??
its the thought that counts
if you kill boing you will border me
or jonjoe
laser dog is too hard to kill
i might kill jonjoe it depends on whether he recovers and has lots of annoying bow shit
boing if you dont take the province with your god this turn and i changed my orders for nothing that will be a declaration of war imo
lmao what can u do about it with your babby army
babby russian girly men cannot harm laser dog
run circles around it obv
i am a master of running in circles
im looking here in the manual and there is not a running in circles battle win condition
no wait i know i can make the old h3 men and they will petrify it
lol
running in circles win condition is a turn 100 clean up
utterly devastating both sides
well boing is gone again i think so ill just submit
ok looks like im at war now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7g6_n7aw8g <- theme tune of this game i think
if you by some miracle kill his dog send me a screenshot and i will dutifully hitler retard betray
looks like he was gonna attack me anyway??
there are tomb chariots and xbows on my border for no reason
oh wow
fucking gg la nights
patalan luck capital absolutely sieged by dark vines
lmao
screenshot and post in suggestions under the caption "luck sucks make it not suck tia"
nice
is it possible to you unsiege it
there's no commanders
lol
there are 4 commanders
dark vines are commanders
in that event
oh
that incredibly lame as fuck event
my god
commanders thag cannot rout
correct
you have to kill all four
you
got
500 hp of fuck you
owned
direct on the cap
i think that event chain is also not over yet
ahahaha
so who knows what brutal ownage i am about to recieve after maybe cleaning it up
i have misfortune three
https://i.imgur.com/qa4kdno.png
<@178868273935417344> my army is there to take the province you dingus
they arent next to the province
can i have your stuff jbrereton
658g for misfortune 3, dark vines for everyone else
oh thats a different army
on account of you are dead forever
lol
.tag absum dingus
dark vine just resist pierce and blunt dont they
omg that is brutal
by my calculations, vanara chakram throwers are perfectly suited for destroying them
didnt ragha attack you also jbrereton
lmao
jesus
i attacked ragha first so that's on me
waht
absum someone has to take on the quadbless heat ragha menace
absum it is an advanced strategem you wouldn't understand
and who better than utterly owned scales patala
paper rushes scissors
monkee get this
not only did 2 of the vines get within >10 hp, the indies also theoretically routed but actually didn't
because mindless
noice
ya
time for a bunch of nagini to get trashed üëç
do you really have luck3
who is agartha and why is your expansion so bad
pay me tribute or i will kill you
its the libs
wait is agartha that new guy who didn't know what was happening
i don't see it registered
agartha is libluini
!status lanights
i have luck 2 boing
whatever fuck you robot
the guy who doesnt know whats happening is caelum
quealed out on them bars
!details lanights

alternatively: the guy who doesnt know whats happening is pythium
my robot is superior.
oh then it's ok if i immediately attack libluini
it would not be uncharitable i think to describe libulini as also not knowing whats happening
lol
gatherer of the dead
so no blindfighter memebless
???? death weapon blind fighters
only the might of blindfighter memebless could withstand giant memebless
the most powerful and often taken death bless
i see death 3 over by him but i assumed that was a site
did... did he take death three
without a bless
i must free the agarthan people from this tyranny
<@!205774730244915202> are you taking 105 this turn in lanights
say no because i would love to have lake acces
poison weapons
poison weapons+ fear
jsoh will you leave me alone
i am friendly russian horse
you have tragically taken a province that is within 16 move of my capital
so i must destroy you
jsoh is a powerful and capricious god. appease him for face his wrath
thats boings fault
he doesn't care
he bullied me with his dog
all he wants is anyplace that moves one province to his cap
i demand province 69 as well
since u have affronted me
i just remembered to check prov names and noticed im about to expand into another person's cap circle
did no one clear their cap circle except boing
i did clear my cap circle
lol
because this is very obviously something to do
my cap circle is clear
your cap circle then cleared you
my province count is honestly quite solid but sadly my 1 fort is under siege by unrouting dark vines which is pretty bad times
absum are you interested in negotiating
pretty fucked up jomon started on a coast
on the plus side it cancelled my recruitment so i have not quite enough to start a second
negotiating how
are you gonna pay me lots of dosh
no. ill let you walk your expensive horsies away out of my provinces
and you can use them to fight someone whos not me
<@!160127200803160064> in exchange for peace leave 163 clear tia
that part of the gay ocean is mine
monkey
conot is the guy whos first expansion
on t2
or 3
w/e
immediately got killed by event
https://puu.sh/zb230/a64fdd6b64.jpg
absum so what you are telling me is i should rush jomon
and agartha
at the same time
<@!160127200803160064> also you have to pay 200g in tribute
jsoh thats not negotiating
are you going to leave or do i have to evict you
these are not even wealthy provinces
don't doubt him btw he can swarm by now
oh he even posted alt4 lol
why the fuck am i getting bullied by two people
you are bogarus
you just went the wrong way dude. its ok
don't be a coward absum
fight them to the death
immediately
well, it would result in immediate death
that part is assured
a linormr beats some bugs be brave
<@!169456837236621312> what game
lanights
i am dub awake incarnate bless utgard and you are tiny anime men
i will insanely brutally cast shrink on your god if u face me
i am two provinces away, about toe xpand into your cap circle with some insanely unstoppable giants
i mean i'm basically already dead in lanights lmao
rip. you even started next to coast.
so "give me 200 gold and let me take land in your cap circle" is basically "oh cool i'll go ai""
hm jsoh are you serious about wanting 69
the prov i want is the water not next to your cap
i would like a buffer yes
69 is also not wealthy
jsoh
not your cap circle. the bribe was to not invade and leave your cap circle alone
siltyomimodgame comes at u fast
thats as far from my cap as from yours
yes
and im stronger than you
ok
i will grant you and honorable death
fight me
and the traditions of anime will live on with the sweaty giants of utgard
eh, at this point you might as well kill me, it saves me the dishonor of going ai
i will dispatch the finest giants, gilded in armor of gold
like i like the idea of jomon being good
but la is just a drag tbh
i even fucked around with several pg builds pre-lanights for them
and none of them really solved the fundamental issue
i actually propheted a guy to get the gold skin https://i.imgur.com/vpycqds.png
jomon is bad
jomon is bad because they are a ma nation
are you researching straight evocation 9 for the rainbow monkey
no i am researching alteration four
the rainbow, and niffle flames
and construction four
i will have unimaginably powerful skratti
and scouts
and those jarl guys
construction four has a dual purpose. if i over extend and am being killed i can immediately make bvc
fuck.  still kicking myself for mistaking riches from beneath for earth blood deep well and casting the wrong global.
lol
so how does pythium kill a linnormrmr
do i make it fistfight a hydra
nothing can possibly go wrong from fistfighting a hydra.
you make bugs at it
oh it has breath and cloud doesn't it
and tail swipe
i don't think you do. but if it comes in your dom just spammed garbage will do fine
can't grow new heads if you don't cut them *head tap meme*
could somebody who is in with the devs tell them that riches from beneath is literally useless in this age of unit recruitment points.
please?
recpoints from beneath
i could cast the incredibly powerful pythium only poison resist on my bugs
you could make some pink guys and probably just spam paralyze at it
with gladiators
with your pythium poison resist spell
paralyze is more than 1 turn out of the way
whgat if someone beats me to moak
super fucked up
well i have researched nothing at all besides alt
and have alt1
lol that patala hired literally all the mercs
unless his second fort finished he now has no income so we can buy them back!
it is extremely legit to hire every merc
i am both alchemising and distilling gold r/n monkee
jsoh please be aware that im insane
an insane anime poster... well i'll be
its cool to say that but more cool that i dont have to say that about myself i think
because someone else will say it for me
59-69-80 will be mine and then we can have a nap
<@178868273935417344> yes. i should have gotten last turn in too
jbrereton if you send every single merc at your cap you should be able to free yourself from dark vine tyranny
luckily, you already have all the mercs
internet problem recovered
correct
yeah jsoh you can have 80
go take 80
if you promise me to take 80
you must fight over 69
i will let you have the other two
is there something special about 80
like a hidden titan or something
its ctis
oh
haha
well next utrn it is
laser dog is bullying you from the same side that im bullying you?? messed up i figured he was the other way
yea i was gonna take that and then he bullied me
get this, he's being bullied from all sides
well
bugs are not scared of laser dog
and gladiators hit fucking hard and have high morale too
yeah trash swam strats can beat the dog
whats his bless
also <@!205774730244915202> what do you mean last turn
e6d2 or something weird
hard skin i think is what i saw
hmm hard skin is kind of a problem
thats what 26 prot
wait jsoh you can see 80 your next to it
yes
i can see
and it has 15 poison resist so it wont die to bug bites
that 80 has crossbows and heavy cav in it
bug bites are not poison
some are an
some are poison
bug bites are mainly 58% one damage always
if you spam swarm hard enough it will work
ya
69 and 80 provide abuffer to my research farming provinces that allow me to feel safe even with hordes of evil russian devil worshippers next ot me
absum if you get your two bullies to fight you win at diplomacy
man i am really glad i won a dom4 games as memebless blindfighters
yea if you are actually taking 80 i will retreat
im not attacking it right now
ramc and i made a pact to exterminate all the blood nations and carried through on it
it was very good
but i want it.
you could probably take it from ctis, but not from bogarus if his candles are there'
its showing only misfortune 2
no candles
and lets be real i can take it from either becuase they are not going to leave their god sitting there
and then i can leave a trap for whatever i see coming
lazer dog and linnormr dont move too strong
do you promise you will take it if ctis takes it first
i will try
good enough lol
im retreating
ok. i will give you 1 turn to evacuate 69
nice
tbh as long as either of you concedes my spite organ will be statisfied
uh
theres snow in 59
my horses cant move past 69 this turn
yeah
you go to 69 this turn, pick up your crossbows, leave next turn
ok ty
i dont think im gonna win the game with two probably succesful bless rushers and a epic rp pythium bully
please remember that i killed my prophet and 2 wizards by scripting badly
.tag jsoh epic rp pythium bully
also the fucking spring bird throne
pythium will be killed later
i refuse to be killed!
it'll happen
always does
lol
idk about ctis. depends how boing's income is looking
he seems to be expanding solidly tho
and idk where ragha is
ragha is 64
boing probably has 4 farmlands
fucked up that everyone has rich farmlands except me
ragha is either cold ragha or has incredibly weak dominion
also me monkee
ragha is hot ragha
jbrereton u dont even have a cap okay
and has literally quad bless
lmao
what are the 4
luck / bsrg / quick / regen
<@178868273935417344> i think i only stalled once due to isp is what i mean
blood surge doesnt count
so i think probably dominion 3
so he has like two birb per turn
this guy is playing in 2006
also, he loses the game if you cast swarm at him one time
uh lord sloth i didnt even know you stalled
because birbs hit their kill limit and shut down
but you are taking 105?
well , ragha can make lots of temples so you dont have to worry about low start domhahahahahhahaah
i dont want to run my snake into hot men
lord sloth bully him
yeah ragha sounds like he's gonna fucking die
hes susceptable
he lost a 164 gold province to me for 2 turns
which is frankly shameful
tfw you take a serious hit by scales patala
as ragha
with four blesses
is ragha really hot
how many scouts will it take to kill 1 point of ragha pd
hot 3 probably
yes absum
i can see t3 prod2 d1 misf3 d3
zheyadan with the hot shah as prophet
is ragha that hot/cold nation?
i have double incarnate giants but i get to make five per turn
yes
yes
zhayedans are good
t3mis3
hell
yes
boing
can we diplomance over the fate of province 80
you mean my province
quick luck surge regen rgahas are the best
he definitely does not die to swarm monkee although i am researching it
<@178868273935417344> and why are you asking me about the turn in lanights? i'm a bit confused since the turn just flipped
boing how do you think your laser dog fares against 160 armor negating 1 damage tiny bites that are size 6
he should die to swarm. you just have to cast it a bunch
reason why: 65 hp regenning gryphon
and have real troops behind the swarms
err size 1
to crit them a lot of times after they have 100 fatigue
lord sloth i am asking if you are taking province 105
nothing else
god damn, ragha and aybsian flags look too close
i dont know about any stales
zhayden die to hypnotize
<@178868273935417344> i've made it to my pc over the last ten minutes so i'll have an answer soon
in theory they do
okej
however, zhayedan have ten thousand combat speed and a naga does not
so you have to survive a round of quickened zhayedan to hypnotize them
nagini don't even have weapons
give your naga commmander a rat tail and a cotierie of bugs to stand next to them
literally using their hand lmao
hand/bite poison spit ftw
i think i could absolutely fucking wreck ragha tho
once i have alt4
<@178868273935417344> it depends. since i've got 3 recruit points. on assassin luck.
swarm bugs with very mad very fast high damage giants behind them
i think if ragha plays badly i can inconvenience them to the point they lose later
which is my pro strat
not heading there with an army if you want to compete for the province
it is the scales patala way
how come ur dudes iron cudgel looks like a spear
oh well then i am sending my snake into it this turn <@!205774730244915202>
i thought somebody said you have a linnomr
he will survive a single black candle
thats not a snake!!!!!!!!
ive been bamboozled
yeah you guys made that up lmao
probably just an ormr
hmm
im pretty sure swarm beats ormr
no
it regenerates a lot
yeah
beats as in "we just wait"
i guess if he casts breath of winter he can freeze some bugs to death
whoever is closer to the middle of the battlefield on turn 50 wins
team garbage wins by fiat
jsoh please focus you are fighting the lizard people
i'm not a huge fan of abysia being next to ragha. i have to look twice to figure out which provinces are mine
nobody said anything about lizard people im fighting a laser dog
sloth, simply wipe them out imo
jsoh asked for 80 and boing said no
80 is currently held be indies anyway!
dominions 12 we finally get to customize regalia on flags
paid dlc banners
doesnt abysia have like a bowl of fire
dominions five: flags of the faith dlc pack 400 kroner
im just gonna sit in my forts and grumble
yeah, but that's on top of the flag
flags of the faith *content pack
you have a bowl
he has a birb
easy
when i'm zoomed out, they all look the same to me. they even have some lavapeeps too
are you literally max zoomed out
well ragha can afford like 2 birb and nothing else
you have black border they light blue or gray or idk
i hope these fire birbs are gonna be worth it
maybe you too will get a dark vines cap siege luck event
they wont
alongside 5 wells of pestilence on your cap
wait hold up do horrors persist
if i spam send horror will i be unable to take the provinces myself
sometimes
well, hope that helps
send horror horrors only stay for one battle
horror cult horrors have no propriety and will loiter until you kill them
jsoh did you really sign up for two pythium games at the same time
absum has send horror kill him
im fuckin dead in one of them
so yeah
did you use the same god
no
constant iterative improvements guy here
would it be more or less balanced if send horrors persisted on the map
you cant take the province, but neither can your enemy
one huge thing i changed is my god has earth 2 instead of not having earth 2
lol jsoh yeah i defintely have blood 8 or whatever
uh... yeah. i can imagine sending horror a billion times to someone's capital
if you cant kil la fucking horror by the time someone has blood 9 you are a fucking dipshit boing
and then laughing
did u ever hear of the story of how samog cast send horror at his own capital a billion times
and we all laughed
that's a good story
wait...how?
c, navigate down blood
samog was bogarus
go to "send horror"
click on own capital
he had very many fire birds
so i sent 4 dark servants with bane venom charms ot kill his fire birds
lol
or, i guess, the samog banner
someone hwos good at art please shrink this down into banner dimensions

who wants to play in my bad nations game
ty

here it is
sick
is a banner allowed to be a png
how do i make this be the banner
where do i put dm file
you have to make it a .tga i think
do ij ust rename it .tga
no.
this is far too complex for me
uhhh
download irfanview (1996)
download fuckin
gimp
i refuse.
mukip the .dm file goes in your dom5 user data directory in the folder "mods"
new bot feature
.tag <@282646158218756116> computer luddite
.tags jsoh
.tags <@282646158218756116>
it works.
sec lads
https://www.dropbox.com/s/jellh5rdp9zrrb9/badnations.tga?dl=0
you dont have to use drop box hey
you can just have discord host the file
but also ive uploaded the mod to snek.earth so its clad in iron now
nothing can ever change
yes
rip üöÆ  banner
i would badnation
destroyed by windows update freeze, ty windows 10 again
one issue is i dont think the cartographer will make a map for this
all ages
can make a map for it
did he put it in
ok
im here
all ages is in i think
also you can run generic
this makes all of my national mages that will ever see combat ethereal
actually i think la abysia should probably not be a bad nation tbh
yeah i thought that too
discounted blood thorn too good
oh well next version i guess
looks like they have  a astral mage, and can site search for earth but dont have any good e mages
isnt gath good
did moreturns crash
so mari c'tis and what else are picked?
or am i missing something
why isnt gath good
abysia
uruk
they have giant sacreds
yeah
and recruit anywhere sacreds
also blood
blood is good
oceania then
gath is bad
yeah but: why
a lack of things that are good
they probably smack on the bad nations of ea
but they are not good in la
cmon
gath is bad kremath
their buildings cost too much
>:c
ok doing the map now i'll post the info in 1 minute
their mages cost too much
their only ranged national is a slinger
in la
their mages are not good
ranged is poopoo anyway
why are their mages bad
i'm shitting right now
i can tell i am reading them
so i cant really look at the mod inspector
hah
but
iirc they are not diverse, are expensive
i tried destruction, burning ones still rip ass and cause you to rout
whats the name of the spell that makes the whole battlefield stinky
or are cap only
foul vapour
s
best strat is like rain and earth meld/tangle if you can
mske em tired
im gonna be ea ulm
does ea ulm just mass steel maidens and get buffs plus earth battle magic
also summons but a lot of them
probably
i won a blitz as them
the heat may rip through swarm if you don't have rain
my recommendation is to have cataclysm happen and kill every one elses thrones first
steel maidens shoulda been their bless unit tbh
server snek.earth port 30059
their bless unit is the shaman
5 points to win, 7 thrones, cataclysm on turn 47, magic sites 52% üëΩ
but yeah steel maidens are kickass
why is tien chi open?
on the other hand, female_death_scream.wav
i didnt know how to make cartographic revision only do 5 players
ok if i do jomon what do i even do ehh
ah cool
so i just picked something that hopefully wouldnt create a second ocean or cave range
ok im a shitty host and ive never done this before so just say now if you've already uploaded
i like that ur changed the name of sirrushes
uploaded
but in the nation desc still calls them sirrushes
uploaded
is this a mod thing?
<@275205678010859520> snek.earth 30059
yep
i see 5/5
we all good?
i am ready
server is started
ready
probably
the nation description for this is stolen from the arch retard zonk
can you guys connect
who stole it from someplace else probalby
i broke
not anymore no
im trying again
at the moment no
the game is probably just setting up
give it a minute
ramc
i have an extremely powerful jomon strat
ok
i dont know if people use the snek servers for blitz
so idk how it will go
is uruk less bad than ur
it is unheard of
it is: take an astral 8 pretender who sleep or whatever, so you have arcane finesse and farcaster
check on snek to see if theres a message about stpos error or something
i had to remake the map when i hosted a game
and then have a pen boosted range 7 permanent charm h1f1 spell
i already took ur
jerek
ok i fixed the problem
give ur dudes the range boost spells
the problem was i did not press 'start game'
that seems cornercase
acutrally is it h1 primary
yeah
because i dont know if theres a range boost for holy
sad
in uruk we have invented helmets
there are range boost spells now?
all the ritual range hats
give spell range
it's not a ritual
helmets? whoa
haha
there it goes
fuckkk
it's a 0 fatigue battle spell
give spell range, in battle
im in
ohhh
cool
25% i think
hmmm
ill sign up as uruk
it could be range like 10 if not holy primary
op
just upload
i'm in
ill do it after the blitz
good luck
anyway i'm labysia
uruk is very bad i think but they have
turn timer is set for an hour
so i can't use powerful jomon strat but
yep
big powerful gamer forts
in
i think you could go around and harvest free titans
if you were extremely lucky
and probably steal your neighbors sacreds when they came to kill you
yeah the throne titans are known to walk into range 7 and then wait for someone to win a roll
instead of casting a aoe 40 damage spell
shhhh
2 water thrones hooray
seriously
fucking game
if there was a 3rd i could just grab it and cast sea of ice
so yeah gath is bad because their only mage that isnt cap only that can reliably cast a spel lyou want to cast is a heretic
whos also a giant
ez game, never lose
that costs 160 gold
lol
dont let water hitlers get an easy win
oh i guess you can communion sibyls
im declaring war on oceania right now for being a water picker
time 2 blind expand into the throne in my cap circle
wish me luck
sibyls are cool
ganbarre
that sounds inadvisable
yeah they're good!
i have never played uruk befor eso i dont know what to expect from them expansion wise
slingers killed my death explosion vicar who was sitting in the middle if my crossbowmans
but then you are a giant using a human mage for everything , and that human mage has no diversity
and also your buildings cost a billion gold
does gath still ahve super expensive forts acutally
maybe they are not as bad as they used to be
rip
rip
giant sneaking retards, a good nation
600 gold palisade but 800 gold temple
larrydavidgnon
hmm okay keep distance makes archers retarded
i have successsfully expanded into a swamp. behold!
sobek sacred guards seem really good but uhh not 1/month good
is ethereal + blood vengeance less dumb than it was
did they fix the order of operations
don't tell me blood vengence triggered before ethereal ignored the damage
in dominions 4 it sure did
enkidu are prety good
a thing of beauty
they fixed it
good
time to change my bless tho
the new hotness is luck+blood bond abuse
luck blood bond regen
hah i set my flags to attack rear against archers, they didnt start shooting until it was too late
hm
like that orc berserker in the lotr movie who blows up the castle
luck+blood bond so that no one ever dies?
lol
woah i got the rare and highly prized 7 point marshmaster
who would win a province full of indies or a couple of very hot boys
everybody loses in that case
luck negates hits that do as much damage or more than your current hp , disregarding that you will share up to half the damage with your friends
so yeah
how hot are we talking
hot as lava baby
if they arent barabrians you miht be ok
is that a virtue
you sick fuck
lmao
my army just got eaten by crocodiles

yes, also screwed up my formation and blew up most of my own army
got to pay more attentin
but it's okay they all go to paradise
(redeemable iou subject to victory in the ascension war)
so theres no way to resist curse
or horror mark
good.
very good yes
need to get as low health units as poss
also how does a unit with luck ever die then?
gosh, one random flaggy wandered into my pike formation and i was shitting bricks, but luckily he didnt detonate
they'll get to 1hp then no hit will affect them
igdi
it only negates 75% of hits
i see
and it doesnt work on like, poison
or bleeding
or being on fire
brb casting luck on all my blood bond regen garms
yeah its not so good on giants
becuase they wil lget arms fall off and stuff before they die
still good though, makes that last bit of health last 4 times as long
if you get hit for hits of 5 damage, so that it kicks in at 5hp it's still +15 hp on average
npt
works well with regen
its real good against evocations
oh no i missed a blitz
how is it going
helll yeah
just checked on my sacred sobek wariors
and every single one of them is cursed with afflictions to boot
sweet
what are good luck spells
rip
i have s3 with boosters, and s1 and s2 native
sry for long turn i am retarded
jotun right
u can just stack hags
battle fortune is aoe 5
uruk im going for prov 74, you ok with that? it's next to my virtue and your army
will of the fates is entire fight
its very close to my cap but sure, expanding has been bad
sacred sobek commanders have like 15 less hp than the sacred sobek troops
same guy. one is a commander though. games rigged.
ma c'tis: thug nation? we report, you decide.
enkidu? more like, enkidon't fuck with me
we peaceful ichtycentuars mean no harm
wishlist: color coded dominion
it gets thicker when its stronger
seduction is really uneliable, my troubadous have mainly been getting rebuffed by dudes instead of seducing the throne sorceress
sobek commanders just have no shield
a falchion is a 1h weapon! you idiots!
o fuck
i just opened a battle replay and elephants everywhere
i actually expanded ok with ur
dat infrastructure cost tho
keep in mind
first fort u make has command point obnus
!help
<@282646158218756116>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
!add snek.earth:30058 bad
<@282646158218756116>: successfully inserted with alias bad
my guys arent amphibians?
!details bad

they just have swim i think
register fuckers.
i guess they're uhh, lizards and not reptiles
command point bonus?
yeah
nifty
you get a second commander recruit point from your basic fort as ur
or mictlan
yeah. ur isn't... terrible
ish
depending
barbarians are still harrowing as fuckk
!register bad ur
<@179427307386044416>: error: could not find the game
!register ur bad
<@179427307386044416>: registering nation ur for user ramc
ur bad
no ur
ctis is really fucking good
holy fuk what is going in the world where there are like 0 new turns today
also lol that 2 of us named our pretenders after simpsons references
time to join a new game obviously
i know but there aren't any pending games
theres a pending game! join my bad nations game
where is the list
wait i got your prophet and pretender mixed up
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/372490951391838221/406973373030203403/lzigxzd.png
hmm how did my prophet get horro mrked
oh well im sure nothing will come of it
lol
my prophet got cursed the first turn
and has battle fright since the crocs
abysia what are you doing
maybe you didnt know that province belonged to me
abysia what is your god
oh man
next version wont have la abysia
and ctis? i assume those troops are just passing through
is this on brainwrinkle?
and maybe not ea abysia either
no
you know
brainwrinkle is too much effort
for a not ea game
they just might be
just conenct ot snek.earth 30058 and upload
then c laim ur dudes on the robot
pythium is bad?
la pythium? yes
but maybe will be removed from bad list
oh man
lemme decide here
marginal is not bad
very tempted to do ys
ys or patala
i gotta go. does anyone want to take on my uruk disaster?
i did not pw the pretender
oh yeah dont pick a water nation probably
do you like doing a mega bless?
because im not going to do anything to the map to make water nations playable
it's a pity that my death explosions wont be useful against the lavamen
but i also took charged bodies as a backup plan
fuck water nations.
<@&389927677416701952> anyone wanna fill in for uruk - hasnt been ruined yet! turn 15
walks into completely empty room
guess this is mine now
wasnt there a guy who wanted to blitz and just missed it
idk about uruk mage paths are weird
<@233383745779007499>
im gonna look into mictaln as well
i am trying to build a god for the badnations game
i am occupied!
rip
also if you pick ys or patala i want the other one
if you're torn i'd rather have pat
yeah if you cant find anyone in like ~5 mins just go ai
need to go so im just gonna set now
gandjalf be patala
i will be...caelum maybe?
that cost me a lot of glod.
wait jsoh
doesnt that mean all uw nations are a badnation and therefore pickable?
:))))
cmon jsoh
theres some in bad nations
that you can pick
but you will probably be in a 1 provincel kae
lake
not bad for theredos tbh
therodos is not a bad nation
noice
ok
loook at the list https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/372490951391838221/406973373030203403/lzigxzd.png
caves are enabled on the map right jsoh?
im going to generate a random map
with generic starts
theres an option for "enable caves/rivers"
from the cartography maker
oh
not the game thing
then there should be caves right?
corbeaus thing
i dont know
theres caves if the game asks for it
ma oceania
my god
but it probably wont put you in a cave
yeah i just want caves to exist if i pick patala
like, at least a few?
not necessarily my cap or anything
idk
try a few
see what happens
oof
ma tc is bad?
ma tc is bad
if you disagree feel free to sign up as them and prove me wrong
stunned by ea r'leyh not being on this list
not that i want to play as them but just in principle
no thanks, i'm already playing them in another game well and (imo) doing decent, so seeing them on the list surprised me.
ea ryleh isnt on the list because samog made it be only amphibious water nations
non amphibious water nations are too shit to play
caelum makes me so mad just because they have a million gosh darn units
ok
start a game as ur
uruk&
*
and look at how many commanders you have
and then, understand that theres even more if you go under water
oh god
why would you make me look at this
i may go oceania just because they have like 5 units
even though they are all awful
again, you will be shit upon
because yo will not have any water to play in
that is a good thing
actually i dont even know if it will allow you to play a water nation on one of these
jsoh i have made up my mind to make a bad decision i choose oceania or maybe not i am still kind of undecided
i'm  really screwing up by the numbers here
im going to test a map if its even allowed
nope
no water
unless i edit the map
which i adamantly refuse to do , fuck to water
virtue is pretty good against abysians because fire reist and shock ave
so no jomon and no oceania
jomon is fine
time to go with my 3rd choice
ugh without shark people?
it just will not allow you to start in water
because the map sets starting positions
oooh alright
and none of them are in the tiny lakes it generates
there will be lakes
these undead.
<@153656281448710145> plz make all ages setting for map maker program please i love u
this is only the second game of dom i've ever played and it's pretty late for me.
good to know though
thats a lot of crossbows
i just got a bunch of free troops from the throne of bones
awesome
almost makes up for these endless rebellions
abysian have tower shields so crossbows arent much good
already who else needs to upload.
wut
if u upload please tell the robot who you are playing thank you
!register gath bad
<@110124675580862464>: registering nation gath for user atlanton
i win in two turns
no kidding please
this is a serious battle
did somebody let oceania get three thrones
i don't know why i didn't expect your pretender to join the fun
i set them to attack
must have messed up the order
she decided to chuck fireball instead
we can put a halt to this war briefly and deal with cryle
someone is friggin oceania
what is going on here
oh man i gotta run out i will return to pick a nation
sure
i will probably make a panic choice of caelum
c'tis is amazing. best ma nation.
nobody 'let
me take those thrones haha
ctis attacked 2/3 of them
somehow i'm guessing c'tis isn't winning this turn since his turn wasn't super quick
im fine
its fucking fine

lol
too many skellies
i'm toast and tired
gg yo
i need to lose a game first im not going to join
should we just call it at this point? getting a little tired myself.
so whats going on right now
is the turn i claimed the water throne for 5
the enkidus won a siege on my other 2 pter
and now theyre just sitting there
and im sick of this shit too
so yeah
<@282646158218756116> will you be pythium, again
ai power
gg all wish it had a better ending
yeah two turns after he leaves
suddenly theres like 6 armies of 190 enkidus
sure
i guess ill call it then
same thing happened to me but chariots
kicked me off of land entirely nearly
the resource bonus ai gets must be huge
cuz he was 1:1 matching my pale riders, and i was making 100 a turn
!register patala bad
<@97756994454188032>: registering nation patala for user ganjdalf the purple
!register bogarus bad
<@177579426849095682>: registering nation bogarus for user scrree
i think i might be yomi again
!details bad

i cant connect to the server rip
can anyone else
!register yomi bad
<@282646158218756116>: registering nation yomi for user jsoh
the finest strategic minds in the world have surrendered to the ai horde
lol the bogarus bless in late stage
whats it
destruction and then shoot them
exploding mans
i patrolled out like a fivefold angel and like 7 khylsts or whatever
i am not even his neighbor
mind you
my patrolling birbs flew over and boom
do  they resist fire
samog.
samog join the game
!register jomon bad
<@233383745779007499>: registering nation jomon for user meksivik
and now the big question - go with a god designed for underwater access or go for a god designed to do something useful
you can get a snake that expands and can go underwater probalby
oh wait asian pretenders lol all u have is earth snake
yeah
jomon has some confusing sacred summons
!register la abysia bad
<@120675876043096066>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
!register abysia bad
<@120675876043096066>: registering nation abysia for user jerek
i want to make a golem
the most sweet ass golem ever made
my big mistake
my biggest mistake, imo, is thinking that non-carnute troops are worth making
well i've got 300 of them to send into the abysia blender and they will not be fucking missed
lol.
!details

ass golem.
<@179427307386044416> lol, they were just passing through.  but yeah, that was p funny.  they're suicide bombers!
hello who is the dispel caster
did someone say ass golem?
ermor's whoooole again. and then it brooooke again.
ya
cadmus you're ulm right?
yup
ok i am going to attack the throne at 8 this turn with a lot of guys
so please do not move onto it
i don't thiiink i am. pretty sure i'm not
would you like some endless bag of wine items for your siege of ermor? (this reduces the amount of guys who are going to get fucked up by being hungry)
oh i've already made some but thx
okay who claimed the bone boy throne
ok i will send some anyway b/c i'm sure they will be handy in future for you moving thru all that garbage land with 0 pop
yuuuup
and i'll die soon after cause 15 provs worth of 0. but if i kill that damn ant lion i'll be happy
https://vgy.me/jvqwap.jpg lmao 974 kills
did they earthquake 40 casts of creeping doom or something
ok so
it casts body ethereal
and invulnerability
and flies into melee
that was amazing
lmao
i didnt even gget to that battle yet
oh yeah it is chaos
gonna watch it on slowspeed to actually see anything
press x for super slo mo
why can't there be repop events srsly
yeah you called it
exactly
eq into creeping doom
those poor bugs
i made a v popular mod that did this in dom 4 and it is updated to dom 5
but we did not use it due to idk why
you were way off on what a throne sphinx does tho
also throne sphinx paths are like f3 s5d5
for the same reason we didn't foreverban ermorn i guess
did it cast solar eclipse into living fires or some garbage?
ya mistake's
no it cast
body ethereal
invunerability
something elsei  didnt catch
and then attack rear
lmao
powerful
also sorry for almost samoging like every turn
but this is just when i wake up
in dom4 i would have 2 extremely highly experienced mallqui but alas
those hurin priests were from uruk and have died
im just happy i haven't died already
lasted longer than my dom3 games
joining in on the 3v1 forever war
kind of does that
dogpile the op
agartha is quite stronger than me now i think
im just much better at dominions and specifically at nazca
this games so good actually
its like turn 40something and the only global up is riches from beneath
that was cast by accident
hmbol
wait how the hell was there troops from 3 factions in 1 battle?
troops from man, troops from nazca, and province defense from uruk?
province defense from uruk, controlled by nazca
oh ok
the province uruk
ya
gotcha
fucked up that neither of the earth quakers even got in the hall of fame for that
man why did no one make them make ac harder to cast
tried
its a really huge change that i dont get to have every single mage ive recruited for the entire game come to my cap when they die
do they go to where they're from?
yes
so theres no concentration of litrearlly 200 guys making skeletons
ya
and you don't own that anymore
same is true of immortals
hm
if you don't own it you lose them
interesting
also twiceborn outside of your own dominion even
i notice that badnations is using silt also yeah?
yep
so like i can't just make an infinitude of vampires as abysia
correct
a mod that makes a nation less bad goes against the spirit of badnations imho
uhh
or like the class of infinitude of vampires i can make
its ahuge nerf to blood nations
is smaller
and doesnt make anyone better
big nerf to death and blooders
it in fact makes many of the nations significantly worse
generally inconvenient if not huge to pan
yeah i think you're thinking of the yomimod
ah rip got it confused with another mod then
probably
its late
which is fair because the game using that uses both
why is it called silt
google salt
table salt, hollywood movie...
bitcoin lending...
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strategic_arms_limitation_talks
google ron paul
ah
cool
poison weapons probably doesn't add to existing poison values on a weapon right
it just adds a new small one?
although i guess poison is armor negating so unless they have resist the second one would be better anyway
it is 5 poison on i think damage as an additional affect to things that don't already have too many effects
it definitely will roll for multiple weapon effects now
i tested that
let's say i hypothetically have a poison dagger wielding man who can be blessed
he should already have an identical poison effect
except a higher number then 5 why is it 5 illwinter
the way the game handles some numbers (fire shield for example) you might expect it to stack
and become oldpoison +5
i bet it doesn't do that though
if poison weapons were poison 15 or 20 they probably still wouldn't be too powerful
yes they would lol
they definitely would
i would bow of war that shit and instantly destroy aulm etc.
it still has to do damage, or do you mean ea ulm
and you have to take death
i guess they would probably want to be nature 6
and incarnate
solar weapons are bugged, yeah?
if grazing a human did instantly fatal damage i think it would be quite strong
poison damage takes multiple rounds always
yeah but
they are not going to hit the same guy every time
just take unaging + poison weapons
on like , fuckin ma man
and monk the shit out of people
i mean you could already do that with decaying, or do they not generally age a normal human enough to kill them?
love 2 see the dom 3 mods people behind such good silt opinions as "you kind of broke undead nations with this" believing that ma man monks are bad in their zonkmod opinions
poison weapons doesnt have an mr check
decay you at least get an mr
ya
checks out
i just feel like most of the stuff in the game that has poison weapons has posion 10+ because less than that doesn't do much
i guess i am mostly thinking of assassins tho
bow of war is construction 6 actually rip
yeah i basically tried that strat a couple times in blitzes as caelums
and you can kind of do a hilarious bow of war thing eventually
but it takes too long to be practical
quickness bless doesnt work for archers does it
it does!
pretty sure
hard to tell i guess
well they don't do the old thing where they wiggle closer
man i really want to take death explosion
in a game at some point
it's so bad
it is probably a top 5 most awful bless alongside the somewhat misleadingly described auras in the "best" heat/cold, poison weapons, and death weapons
blood bond also pretty shit tbf
it would be good for chinas or sauro if there was a better way to bless friends over and over
than having your god be there
or having someone scripted to cast divine blessing five times
or whatever
for china you take a bishop fish w/ you and cast divine blessing x5
sauro's not so good for it tho ya
blood bond is good
its good for luck abuse!
blood bond is i think very bad for sacred mages see also berserk bless
to the point i would probably not take them if they were free on some factions
75% chance to not die to something that would actually not kill you anyway
<:wow:372896749716504588>
for sure its bad on some guys
i think blood bond+ regen + fuckkkkin air shield would be good on nazca
since i assume blood bond doesnt work on things what do have blood
"good"
quickness is acutally just so much stronger than every other bless its kind of silly
<@255835336083636234> can u make robot give turn numbers when it dms me
so like "turn 43 for nazca in warcrimes"
or something to this effect
sure not hard
also want to add "3/12 submis
make it also say 3/12 submitted if six people submit partial turns, so its ambiguous and frustrating
https://twitter.com/ayocaesar/status/957549284555218944?s=09
the uhhh
marverni guys with javelin and no armor used to be cool
can immobile and lifeless tiny idiot nerds turn into vampires in silt mod
repop events üëé
not fucking allowing people to play popkill nations üëç
yeah, i aied as ys because i'm built around sacred cap-only units with a double-incarnate bless
on an immobile pretender stuck without troops inside a cap under siege
yes but that is not down to the mod's code but rather illwinter being slack arsed
please dont turn a demilich into a real lich
in my game at least
its rude.
just a matter of time without any advantages, but agartha and ermor were the only nations in the game that could threaten enough uw troops to do that
i had a strat to avoid that, but the strat turned out to be terrible
i'm gonna turn him into a vampire
your banned
basically i went for something not named "living water" for my water mages
lol jk this memebless i am building will probably never reach vampire wizard make
deserved result
what if i turned a fountain into a worm man
again, rude
not really sure where the confusion lies here
samog join the bad nations game
then the fountain would write two million words of bad fiction
oh, is there a bad nations game?
yes
maybe
how do we know what's a bad nation in dom5?
im going to sleep though
whats the lizard from?
intuitively, corbeau
its whatever jsoh decided
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/372490951391838221/406973373030203403/lzigxzd.png
tbh pan seems legit weaker now, at least, though still good
no
you are wrong
the stare emote
no pan is not weaker
pan is not weaker
is it not?
not at all
pan has seemed to struggle in research in the games i've seen
yes...
the royal family
corbeau the bad nations game is slightly stymied by the lack of an all ages setting for the map robot
otherwise they seem even better, but their momentum is less good
_sighs as he draws his codetana_
fine, i hear you
alternative to that image is you can look in the <#401498099622608911> channel and download the bad nations mod
and see which nations are in it
i could even just put together a map for you from a hacked in version of the current build
i don't have mekone in the current database anyway
what would be good
shouldnt it have a crown or something?
what's mekone's start bias, if any?  they seem like they have none
i think mekone doesnt give a heck about terrain mostly
it does, on the top of its head
it looks like thats just part of the fancy robe
i think they would prefer to start adjacent to but not actually in a mountain
so they could search it for e/f sites
what kind of reptillian royal doesnt have jeweled scepters and crowns n shit?
and have resources
also have res ya
isnt irl sparta mountainous? i guess all of greece is
not really mountains
hills
much of greece is quite mountainous
well ok but like rugged hills
there are legit mountains in balkan greece
sissy european mountains
but a lot less in like the pelopones and shit
i would describe it as definitely rugged in the peleponese
unless they have units or spells that dictate it, or fluff that specifically mentions it, i'm reluctant to hardcode it
i went there for the 2004 olympics
theyve neithewr
arco is also greek, but doesn't start in mountains

do you have a wasteland bias for nazca
even though athens would, in dominions terms, start as coastal with nearby mountains
its just mountains for them right
gandalf almost all of it is like driving around the edge of a hill m8
with occasional fields
tbf thats like every coastal european city
also the roads all have shrines every 20 feet where some poor fucker went off the side
tiny streets on cliffs
nice is like that
the idea of international travel to go see the olympics is fucking wild
gibraltar and malta are fuckin insane for cliffs and shit roads
i didnt even have an inkling of want to go to vancouver
gibraltar fuckin sucks
agreed
it's like every english naval town but 100 times worse
the british should have burnt it to ash
due to also attracting tourists
and left it barren
it's seriously like warm blackpool with some monkeys
what is there even to see in gibratr
it's got a hill and some monkeys
why would you not go to spain instead
you would go to spain instead
the most dangerous major airport on earth
i guess if you murder someone in spain, as a uk citizen
you shuold go to gibraltr
i went to the south of spain which is great and we went on a day trip to gibraltar since it is tiny and there is p much no border and it is a shit hole
they even have their own monopoly money pounds
which they will happily swap sterling for
what is mekone's nation id number?
32
also im attempting to not use brainwrinkle for this bad nations game
so if you wanna play in it just connect to 30058 and upload then sign up on the robot
jsoh as a briton going to greece on holiday is quite normal and the olympics more or less coincided with that
added to database
so it is not so wild as a concept imo
ive been to one place on holiday in my life tbh
and it was the next province over
too poor to travel
until i wasnt anymore, and now im too depressed to travel
i have not been on a holiday abroad since a teenager lol
ive been east and west one province
which in european terms is like the distance from brittany to the rhine probably idk
last trip out the country was a high school equivalent trip to auschwitz which had honestly such a bad landing coming back into leeds-bradford airport that it pretty much turned me off flying, which i did not enjoy very much before, completely
ragha is mountain and currently has no desert affiliation
oh, you asked about nazca
probably the same and just a coincidence i ended up next to a wasteland
nazca is mountain, but not wasteland
the desert was pure chance then, yes
wasteland is a good thing to start near as nazca no?
due to geoglyph
they have a wasteland spell
lol if u are ugnna fuckin
research that
18 pearls and requires a boosted coya to cast it
and enchantment 5
make the mod they need: 1 rec point paqos, so you can play them like very very strong la pythium and have a geoglyph for them to research in
thats a entire huaca
i wish there was a way that you could mod boy pacos to get stronger from being hit by lightning bolt or tstrike
<@110869804197351424> i'm going to make it so that 50% of partial turns show, so if you had 2 submitted and 6 partials it'd show 5/8 :dev
make partials show at random as submitted/not
even better
make partials show as <:hat:372893620975566848>
<@282646158218756116> https://i.imgur.com/imngqt8.png
just for u
bonus: now showing nations from multiple eras together, plus unfinished road code going nuts
nice
now join my game
lies
there is no game on brainwinkle
go to snek.earth
https://dom5.snek.earth/games/58
the games page for snek is dead
or was literally three minutes ago
it's at snek.earth:30058 and it is real
!details newbadnations
<@96715337440952320>: error: could not find the game
has no lobby, 0/10
!details new-bad-nations
<@96715337440952320>: error: could not find the game
convincing
im fuckin dying here it does exist
wtf are even considered bad nations in dom5
it's super early for that i'd think
also who is playing and what have they taken
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/372490951391838221/406973373030203403/lzigxzd.png
that's the bad ones
uruk is bad?
caelum is bad?
i'm surprised
!details bad

la caelum is kind of maybe not
also all of the abysias honestly
but especially la abysia
also uruk is fucking awful
also if you are trying to find a game
!list
<@282646158218756116>: servers:
dom5newbiegame (snek.earth:30013)
nazca (snek.earth:30005)
theodoros (snek.earth:30009)
warcrimes (snek.earth:30010)
capitalism (snek.earth:30017)
2001 (snek.earth:30041)
surrounded (dom5.snek.earth:30028)
more-turns (dom5.snek.earth:30043)
late-age-newbies (dom5.snek.earth:30024)
lmao (snek.earth:30023)
the-how-are-you-gulag (snek.earth:30019)
stupidrobot (snek.earth:30050)
silt-yomimod-game (snek.earth:30051)
lanights (snek.earth:30052)
mekone (snek.earth:30053)
bad (snek.earth:30058)
is a thing
!register bad uruk
<@96715337440952320>: error: could not find the game
uruk bad
duh sorry
!register uruk bad
<@96715337440952320>: registering nation uruk for user jbrereton
time to get rekt as this shit nation
pros: good forts for other people to effortlessly take over
cons: 1850 gold to recruit a mage
fucked up that i didnt secretly insert code to give yomi the good realm 1 pretenders
or sneak yomi mod into bad nations code
ur don't get sacred buffalos do they
just regular ones
nobody has sacred buffalo's as far as i know
how will you possibly pick between your like 14 fucking mages
all of them complete dreck
i bet that nation has enough water mages to defend a throne against cataclysm
if they had turned out to be sacred buff' i think this would be my pg
probably lots of thug potential for your uhhh
i have no idea what that nations mages are
guy who's a melia
but larger
they have air guy?
is air guy sacred
every mage is sacred
a huge boon on this 600g temple faction
lol
as if you ever get a second fort
you have i think 4 potential a1 mages
lol
take the extremely strong like 6 reinvig 30 bonus hp bless
holy shit 600g temples
how did i not notice that
and just never use chaff
i was wrong jsoh
5
5 a1 mages
only 2 of which are underwater only
uruk is so good
<@&372528101076500482>#5392 abandon all plans for everyone is nazca game and just make a everyone is uruk game
uruk looks like a astral communion nation
the rest of their paths suck
uruk loos like... as...
you should do the eligist play
love the n1 spell singer
huh
they don't have a non-mage priest do they
no
so you can't recruit priests without a lab?
correct
other than indep
which if you do you should delete your game probably
at least they figured out how to make helmets finally
uruk is such a fucking mess
this is legitimately about the 2nd time i've ever even looked at them
b/c ur was test shit nation
if you have high scales you can make a shitload of chaff
i fought like 20 uruk mages i think
and this is just awful shit nation
yeah cool... chaff..
due to their low recruitment points for sizeable hp bags
and i dont know if i could tell you what they do
stand in front of huge fuckoff communions that you recruit from you super expensive mage factories that you got somehow
their forts give like 150% bonus rec points
and 60 admin
so you can make a shitload of chaff either way
they have some kinda spooky longbows i guess?
big news from 2001
i seduced something successfully
, a pale one commander
just saw some one  on twitter named mao zedong thot
ok i think i have a plan in this game if everyone just lets me get to constr 6
high quality shit

probably better on ulm
undoubtedly
is uruk god even inert? i know they have elegist on 1 (one) priest mage
i think so
holy shit, oceania's infantry is undisciplined
hoping that you get extremely bad events if you don't have an ensi in every fort
that's
uh
wow
oceania can fuck right off tbh that is not a cool nation at all
wish they'd deleted it
why not heat for fire repel
or is uruk heat pref
to make invading me slower jsoh and it's heat 1 pref
also i have 0 fire mages but lots of water mages
good to be assigned the wrong mage temp
the play there is your water 1 and or air 1 guys casting one self buff and standing in a pike line
along with ur sacreda
breath of winter, instantly devastating the pike line
or just
how do i sign up
body ethereal
upload a pretender
and register to the robot
is there any reason why a lizard shamen would go off script and not be a communion slave
or is ma man bugging out
they are not allowed
to join mans song communions
no no
just normal communion
with other lizards
maybe man's just broke
ma man is currently not allowed to cast any holy spells either i think
report it maybe
i thin because i had other man mages coing chorus things on the same battlefield>
yeah that would do it
but whyy
there's only one communion a side
i have deleted the good bull god and replaced it with a better god for uruk i think
plus my pig went off script
and got stabbed to death by merrow
how did they go off script
lmao
i'm dying
.tag fauxbot lost to merrow
he was going to cast temper flesh  +  personal regen
as he has done before
but just did not
routed them
then bed to death
did he get punched
*bled
i mean he got stabbed a bunch for like 1 hp by like 30 merrow
pig is berserk a lot so if he got hit before castinf his spells then he would go berserk and not br allowed to cast spells
my suggestion: cast gonb/regen first
i'm gonna double check but i don't think he got hit by spells
gonb?
generic overused bounty
the e/n nature battle path booster that also gives regen
oh the booster spell
ok there weren't any mages
he just.. prepared to cast then didn't
it's actually called strength of gaia i think in the small one
man is currently fucking broke as shit
ya
because the song communions are poorly implemented
screenshot and report i think
god i've been having fun in more-turns too
but it's hard to want to play when i am losing to shinuyama
partly because i'm bad
but also partly because of bugs
so salty
where do i report stuff?
steam discusso
man imagine how good that fight where i killed almost a thousand bugs would have been if i had reanimator bless
now i want thunder weapons quicknes reanimator on nazca
jsoh put your game on brainwrinkle imo
why
!details bad

i've got 8 sign up's without it
and the numbers not lining up is a pain in the ass
oh shit this might change the lobby game
actually nah becaus eyou have to upload first before doing anything
nm
you can upload a random pretender to save your spot then make an actually final one layer
later
bc you have to spam the bot to find out how much time is left on the turn
boing make a new brainwrinkle site.
samogbot lobbies should do it

jsoh win theodoros game faster!!
agreed i am doing my best to lose but i am still hanging in there
i dispelled last time.
but yeah, just letting ermor get picked basically blew out this game's kneecaps.
how bad is ea ermor
compared to, say, la bogarus
do you put a bless on your stupid knights so your efficient researchers can survive to cast spells
idk
i dont think it matters much
bc im dead regardless
!details

haha jesus christ
dead pretenders that come back can carry over cursed
fucked up
i assume you want some path diversity on your pretender because you don't get much on your actual mages
my internet died
but anyway yeah afaik your normal troops are good enough for expansion in ea and blessed ponies wont really beat any real bless i think
theyre pretty good vs uuh other weak humons maybe
like in badnations?
oh this is badnations?
uuuh
then maybe consider bless ye
idk im not that good at the game that i can really say more
instead of throwing dead cattle over the walls you throw a single amoral dude who likes to drink blood
https://imgur.com/edit?deletehash=7wl2wenapjdiqrh
lol
does ea abysia get blood sac?
yes
he's doing it
i guess that makes you the lesser evil, since you don't get h3's like he does
my sac is barely keeping candles in my own forts
abysia is doing it and marverni has been pushing candles as hard as he can
yeah. i think the rus time to shine has passed.
which is why i'm knocking his shit over
fucking temples
you have an enormous pile of shit i assume you can hurt someone with it if you so choose
should probably start acquiring thrones
yeah. i probably should
i feel like rus shouldn't go turmoil 3
with its poop forts
why does that matter
troops are dumb
maek wizard
i only have wizard
i am making like 5 troops a turn and i debate turning that off every turn
im dumb with scripting and when i attack with unchaffed mages, some dude just walks up and stabs
i probably should just swarm/ele more
is it possible to make 2 much wizard? ü§î
if its the wrong wizard
for example, the rusian wizard has more upkeep per turn than the thunder priest
if you only make rusian wizards, you will have no gold, a lot of research, and 0 mages to cast useful shit with
i have decided
i will hit 'r' 5 times
o dear
and on the 5th random god i will upload it to the badnations game
perfection

rad
holy heck
this is kind of a rad god
!details

!details

should definitely name him "i pressed r five times"
or alternately keep the random name and name your prophet that
nice <@255835336083636234>
is it ready for launch? üòÆ
should also have like some info to type in abt the game like "no water nations, my name is jsoh" etc
i think i am going to lose a game i had in the bad due to being too sick to script shit properly lol
in the bag*
well
how viable is a dom score of 3
which game and can i have your stuff
65% spread chance
no it's not <@68614451045076992> , still working on it. the code is so bad i have to improve it because it's stopping my from making the changes i want
probably viable if you don't give a shit about sacreds
ah ok
5h hmm
<@114740794476331015>
meksevik not very
3 is a bit small of a domscore window i think
4 is prob fine tho
hows this ea ermor god
no +2 def?
what would you replace for def
strength and mountain survival
im not convinced by blood surge
strength is v good imo
you should be
with multiple attacks and attack skill and magic weapons
strength is not the best when you have half of your damage being innate nostr added
strength does not make hoof better
hmm dnag.
solar weapons are bugged
so do not take that
that is 1/3rd of damage though right
arent they just bugged if they have fr
or do guys drop their light lances now
<@!148098869782118401> affliction resistance is good
conot ermor has healers
equites already have recuperation i think
and recup on equites
and healers yea
yeah afflictions is not a problem
defense is your do not die stat though
some afflictions are shed but cursed/horror always stay
so +2 would be good
i am gonna be so salty if i lose la game to puke shamecube
ea game*
also global casting order luck
3 in all elements for +2atk, +30% move, +5 shock res, +2def, +2strength
blood surge
ah, yeah, if they already have recup then
if it's a game with idiot fuckers who require magic weapons you can flip blood surge to s4
is there a therodos or somebody
you mean 4 right
no
3
if you have 3 in all elements you get 3 bless points in all
really??
yes. same with sorcery
the rainbow special
fuck
if you are fighting asshole ghosts move blood surge to magic weapons and magic resist
you should be able to just threaten them by having this and have them fuck off
!bad
!details bad

i wanted s2 so i can forge crystal coins but i guess i dont need the astral bless.
just yomi and marverni
no one else would really care about magic wep
marverni has ghosts?
marverni has tattoo
invuln is negated by magic weapon
oh i wondered what tattoo spell did
sounds cool
both s4 or b4 are valid so you can probalby just pick one
i didnt know about rainbow element bless, good idea thank
surge really does own though
i forgot equite have a broadsword
with surge up it's 15 str 16atk 21def
in testing it seems surge is up for only 1-2 rounds at a time
and never when you need it
it's for fighting chaff
since you need it when you're whacking on some dude that wont die without it
it makes you not tired while cutting thru chaff
it's not for big strong things
with the reinvig?
or just the improved kill rate on idiot militiamen
and the stats so even with fatigue you still hit and kill rate is better
the extra defense is also an attrition reduction for expansion
marv tattoo spell is great, it's essentialy 15 invuln
if you were building for fighting asshole big strong things probably just slap unholy on them
the problem is surviving long enough to get to cast it
it's only ench3 and with pigu no one is fucking with you that early
and if they are able to kill pigu, 15 invlun wont save you either
boing attacked me on turn 12
and killed me with pony men in three turns
vanhere will be vanhere
that wasnt badnations
vanhere killing everything forever is just one of those auto lose conditions
0 points yas
why not go heat 1 growth 3
boing no heat three
or at least that
or heat 3
and then o1p1g3
i had a 0 point god for marv. after last game, i decided to drop magic 1 and +natural protection for blood venge
to burn people better?
thats a nice idea
you have fire magic and fire eles are your defense backstop
heat 3 is good
true i didnt think about elementals
why not imprisoned?
it does hurt income a lot though and i want many mages
because rp
to benefit from my magic3 and inspiring rp god
it does not hurt income a lot. you are a math person
figure out the cost to income over 12 months with h3 vs h0
including temp shifts due to season
i actually did model this once
also keep in mind the o1p1 bonuses to income and the good events in terms of gold they unlock
and esp g3 bonus
and i really like going weather3 on nations with temp preferences in general
growth 3 is the everything
wouldn't h3 end up burning down lots of labs tho
no. maybe a couple over the course of the game
no
when it happens you will be extremely annoyed but it doesn't happen that often
only time its really goddamn annoying is on your cap
and cold 3 can be "lol thousands of people died"
otherwise it's eh
and my cap has a huge pile of augurs to avoid bad events!
synergy
cause you have dat sweet gold income from g3
so you buy a new lab
ok im sold
i have a suspicion prod2 is better than ord1 prod1
it is not
wtf are you going to buy with prod2
bc my troops are resource intensive and i get rec points from growth indirectly
hastati
also mages
your best troop costs one resource point
gladiators??
yes. didn't you see the changes they made
they have to actually fight to vanish
get hit or hit somebody
rec points should store in a province imo
they were going to actually jonjoe but illwinter half assed it an released it anyway'
thats good but im not sure its enough to sell me on gladiators
except as a last ditch defense if i need to mass many troops suddenly
boing gladiators win you your first early war
oh my god really, nuclear?
what am i missing about gladiators
that would actually make recpoints not suck ass
rec points did not store monkee
two attacks at two strength with a 2h weapon (which means 2h wep bonus) that hits at 14 vs a shielded unit
please
get it right
wasn't the intention to have them store
res was going to store
like iron in coe
rec was the new res
which they also didn't do
yes
and in fact just made more obtuse
very good
!unit retiarius
<@148098869782118401>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=retiarius&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
regular gladiator
2h weapon with new 2h str bonus they hit hard
6 times per square
accurately
and net ones specialty ruin things like ponies
i use regular ones vs ponies too cause ponies have shields
so they get the attack bonus
ye but throw a few nets in there
you don't need a bunch
you lose horror marks over time when dead now
net is probably going to miss or be glamoured away though
because ponies are bullshit
oh do shields block nets?
that'd be very stupid lol
no you do have to hit them though
10g for a unit you can only use once feels bad to me
do you stick them in the back so your regular troops clean up chaff and you only expend gladiators on big fights or what
you can recruit a shitton of glads in a single turn
early you use gladiators to clear heavy cav and hard stuff that wrecks your romans
and later you can pop out a pile to fuck up aggressors
thats their real strength
or to shove them into the teeth of a proper armie
the fact you can recuit so many at once
gladiators are used to save your real troops
who are harder to replace
though i personally just use gladiators, and also gladiators
ok but prod2 is still better for money and equite recruitment in cap
did someone say
hastatii!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
isn't it just 1% more money
and equite will max out once you connect like one forest
3% per level monkee
2% is order
vs prod
4% is growth
im bitter from my cap in vanheim game only having 3 low res connections so i can only recruit 5 vanheres per turn with 7 dom
fucked up
i will experiment with gladiators though
2x gladiator per heavy cav will clear those provs pretty reliably
with blockers or no
they are the blockers
compelling
if you have no one to kill the rest of the stuff then you probably want an extra per heavy cav
you can always put 1 arrow catcher in front if you want
that doesn't work the ai will ignore him
oh
they fixed that sadly
shame
that is 200-300g to kill a province with 10 heavy cav
which i can probably send 5 equites at and keep afterward
um
your 5 equires are gonna beat 10 heavy cav with no losses?
lol
with my quintuple bless yes
whats the bless
quintuple
which
depends how many heavy cav
and they are more likely to attrition when you roll bad
f3 w3 a3 e3 b4
the thing about gladiators is you can do that and make equite at the same time
that bless bad
sorry boing
i dont think they are more likely to attrition than a unit with 100% attrition rate
ur bad
i am
which is why
i did that bless in a game
as ea ermor
and lost before turn 20
they will attrition 100% but that's okay. the goal is to preserve equites
because they have a recruit cap
not preserve gladiators, which you can instantly replace
how was combat speed + lances changed?
ok i can see your reasoning
i cant find anything in the dom5 manual about lances or charge bonuses
i assume movespeed is still good but it might not be
it's capped by strength or some shit now i dont remember
because i recall equites being murder machines with swiftness and blood surge
>no incarnate blesses what baby trash
quickness bless imo
exactly so i can go dormant and get more scales.
so you can't mount a railgun on a centaur
lol don't do quickness
oh hey lets see how this turn came ooouu....shit me
if equites were good and you had other sacreds besides them, maybe
if theres no incarnate blesses you go imprisoned and get even more blesses
that's a lotta killing
have 9 blesses
that bless is good enough to expand
which is fine
he is cultivating the wasteland
scales imprisoned ermor with rainbow bless is what i'd do
get undying x7
get the health blesses for blood and nature
dormant great sage with magic 3 is my secret rp rush strat
mostly stomping on bugs
but then again, solar weapons are broken too i guess?
"how many blesses are you at"
"idk like 5 or 6"
"u are like a little baby"
solar weapons are only broken if the other guy has fr
pretty much <@179427307386044416>
i only have two blesses
two incarnates, as is correct
i think solar weapons is one of the strongest blesses
because it's a weapon bless that's not incarnate

isn't someone playing ys is this bad game?
lol if you didn't ever run f9w9n9 ma pelagia and kill sceleria in 11 turns with your insanely good sacreds
if you're only having two incarnate blesses they better be quickness and fear
fear is less good
18 fatigue / turn short sword ftw
now
fear isn't that great it seems
being d10
btw does shock resistance actually do anything
and not stacking
it is good just not d10 good imo
yes it resists lightning boing
yeah its a bit underpowered
i have a suspicion elemental resistance is just protection vs elemental attacks and all lightning stuff is an

nice
boing you always roll nowadays but it definitely does help
now if only naksu would fix it so you can do disciple games
lmao
"""""fix""""""
pls
besides something stupid like ermor or lemuria, i don't know what d10 would be actually good on
fear i mean
tc and sauro, kind of
yeah. spooky ghosts
fear i guess is rather just the icing on the cake because d10 is just good by itself
maybe helheim?
if the nation fits it
maybe they figure that the earlier blesses are good enough
and that death shouldn't have too many good bless options
death blesses are kinda lame
654? damn, thats alot of... something...
except the invuln one
did someone say disciple game?
someone should host one of those
next turn should be interesting for me: make-or-break, really
if you're piloting a nation that fits the death blesses they are pretty good i think
fear on helheim you say https://i.imgur.com/u6ctjdn.png
i want a disciple game
but naksu is mean and his computer blew up
pls just get quickness on helheim instead
the other oddness is specific to the game because magic + solar is good and fire res is -2 enc and "don't die to burning one"
does fire res prevent heat exhaustion?
yes
ye
yes
thats neat
cold res doesn't help cold-blooded fuckers tho
it prevents two enc
out of like 12 haha
i will write up my story presently when i am less full of flu
is ma agartha fun? it looks quite cool
also who's up for a new game? this was fun
why solar weapons? i'd imagine that skelli spam would still choke them?
generate another hit on trash while expanding to increase their lethality
solar hoofs
more hits more kills more morale checks
all hail morale minus five, god of helheim
!details bad

what is good ea suro build
there are many choices
u can follow my guide and get 8 provinces in year one
it's very strong
blood surge is pretty good for the oiorpata
if you aren't doing a good bless
ea sauro has many options but you must choose one
there is magic 3 + fort everything so you can make soothsayers
you cant have it all
there is go scales and drown the enemy in armored horsies
there is go some dumb bless like flaming weapons for ancestral ghosts
were i to do it again i would have taken this https://i.imgur.com/vi2w0k5.png
unholy for ancestors and sacreds to kill all of the bullshit in ea
regen is basically for bull man himself to expand
i guess it will reduce oioropata attrition too
which tattoo is the invulnerable one
all o fthem
then what's the difference between horsie and snek
snek is +mr and horse is +move fast
and def i think?
the cataphracts get double horsie tat
it doesnt really matter the important part is 10 invuln on a 0 native prot unit
tattoos are friggin insane lol
particularly when you get it for free and can add bless
glad 2 see illwinter giving sauro the additional buffs it needed after ros was turned into a piece of shit
and its down the tree for skelespam which you want anyways
yeah it's good
now that unholy works vs gods you can probably take someone's god out by just spamming ghosts at it too
which is great
nice
i read a guide that said not to get androphags
archers i mean
aaah misfortune 3
nuclear that looks like madness you would get eaten by random events
misfortune 3 isn't really a big deal
you're going to get poopy events no matter what you do
the scales are curated to avoid the game losing random events
no civil wars no magic fade no freethinker poploss
it's fine
<@96715337440952320> did you notice there is a freethinking poploss for fifteen percent at o2mis2
no turn limit
yes
basically you should stay at o1 t1 or neutral
order scale as a whole is cancer
unless taken with the shit scale of death, ytes
yes*
i will take my turn in 12 minutes.
scale thresholds on events are probably one the dumbest things in the game
in practice
it's fine but whoever made them is dumb
his name is "randomevents"
that was his true name, from birth
i guess he was born to fuck up
the only way to know what to do is to use the mod inspector to sleuth through all the bad events
which is silly
search by poploss
nah once you've played a couple games
you tend to notice things like "holy shit turmoil is fucking aids"
even before the dom 5 inspector was up we got that
tattoo marverni seems good
tattoos are very strong
its basically extra blesses that need a different spell to bless you with
tat / shitty ros marv is better than dom 4 marv
marv is fine now. it has pig. it has tattoos
it can do stuff
rip ea ermor somehow made actually worse in dom 4
idk if it's worse. its just bad as always
i think it's worse
problem with tattoos is the spell is only aoe 5, and doesn't scale with paths
gladiators own though
the rec point thing and 2 turn out of forters are bad
ah yeah
i never leaned too hard on flamen
cause they suck
ok mainly the rec point thing tbh
they made the troops slightly better but even more impossible to mass
yes
swedes hate rome because they were never colonised
no tin can't grow grapes get fuck nords
my northern irish pals have a similar "pssht... rome..." inferiority complex which is okay but also pretty lol
tfw when you are one bog island away from the continent too far for rome to care
!list
<@255835336083636234>: servers:
dom5newbiegame (snek.earth:30013)
nazca (snek.earth:30005)
theodoros (snek.earth:30009)
warcrimes (snek.earth:30010)
capitalism (snek.earth:30017)
2001 (snek.earth:30041)
surrounded (dom5.snek.earth:30028)
more-turns (dom5.snek.earth:30043)
late-age-newbies (dom5.snek.earth:30024)
lmao (snek.earth:30023)
the-how-are-you-gulag (snek.earth:30019)
stupidrobot (snek.earth:30050)
silt-yomimod-game (snek.earth:30051)
lanights (snek.earth:30052)
mekone (snek.earth:30053)
bad (snek.earth:30058)
are any of those games finished btw?
it's just spamming snek's servers if they are
i dont know
i took my turn.
nice.
tfw you killed the deathball and crash through 40 enemy pd
releasing a new version of the bot now
!details

tfw when dec
my bot is superior.
no doubt
tfw everyone is partialling
here are some release notes from my commit messages. some of these would alreayd have been released
```
      add makone
      fix bugs
      deployed
      fix turns bug
      disable notifications
      notifications 2
      fix db query
      fix lobby create bug
      fix a whole bunch of stuff. hopefully didn't break much
      give lobby details an embed response
      more refactoring
      more lobby groundwork
      add embed to list
      update help for lobbies
```
okay so
beta version of lobbies are out - please don't use to actually play stuff, but do mess around with them
!help
<@255835336083636234>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
!lobby ma 12 dumblobby
<@255835336083636234>: creating game lobby with name dumblobby
!details domblobby
<@255835336083636234>: error: could not find the game
!details dumblobby

!register jotun domblobby
<@255835336083636234>: error: could not find the game
!register jotun dumblobby
<@255835336083636234>: registering ma jotunheim for <@255835336083636234>
!details dumblobby

also this is nicer now:
!list

‚†Ä ‚†Ä ‚†Ä ‚†Ä<:gamewinner:372893907006128129> 
‚†Ä ‚†Ä ‚†Ä ‚†Ä<:head:403422448760127489> 
„ÄÄ   <:hammers:373227653521735680> <:food:373227653286723584> <:lizardpeople:390331441549934592> 
„ÄÄ<:gifts:372897039324807168> „ÄÄ<:trillwinter:372894192894214176> „ÄÄ<:prod:373229872350363649> 
üëå „ÄÄ<:hehe:373231691184996352> <:hehe:373231691184996352> „ÄÄüëç 
  „ÄÄ  <:unholy:372893393749278725> „ÄÄ <:holy:372894715315748885> 
„ÄÄ   <:ruby:372879296861044737> „ÄÄ <:gold:373227653018288131> 
„ÄÄ   üë¢      üë¢
can't wait to make my server alias an emoji.
!lobby ma 12 <:mindless:372893818397130752>
<@190292302785150976>: creating game lobby with name <:mindless:372893818397130752>
!list

!remove <:mindless:372893818397130752>
!help
<@190292302785150976>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
!delete <:mindless:372893818397130752>
<@190292302785150976>: successfully removed server <:mindless:372893818397130752>
!list

shit rules.
finally, the feature we all needed
a dom5 emoji faction would make a decent mod
a lobby named üçÜ üí¶
good shit gonadic
.tag samog good bot
there we go.
!turns
so in the db that'd just be represented as the name `:wow`
i have a feature request, can the bot only count players who are not ai for this notification:
your turns:
silt-yomimod-game turn 21 (15h 10m): vanheim (submitted: ‚úì, 9/12)
oh shit yeah
who is in the profile pic
i genuinely have no idea
samog.
ah.
.q add mu ‚†Ä ‚†Ä ‚†Ä ‚†Ä<:gamewinner:372893907006128129> 
‚†Ä ‚†Ä ‚†Ä ‚†Ä<:head:403422448760127489> 
„ÄÄ   <:hammers:373227653521735680> <:food:373227653286723584> <:lizardpeople:390331441549934592> 
„ÄÄ<:gifts:372897039324807168> „ÄÄ<:trillwinter:372894192894214176> „ÄÄ<:prod:373229872350363649> 
üëå „ÄÄ<:hehe:373231691184996352> <:hehe:373231691184996352> „ÄÄüëç 
  „ÄÄ  <:unholy:372893393749278725> „ÄÄ <:holy:372894715315748885> 
„ÄÄ   <:ruby:372879296861044737> „ÄÄ <:gold:373227653018288131> 
„ÄÄ   üë¢      üë¢
why does winter disease my old lizards even though they're still in heat 2
look at those old lizard
damn
sad trombone . wav
sighedan.
scales patala strikes again
spahbeds?
more like
boing: because thats 1 heat colder than they're used to.
spahbads
jbrereton did you go full on scales?
5 spahbeds what the heck
yes as my absolutely owned capital due to a story event will attest
what story event?
i need all these patala details
if you are about to go scales patala my advice is : do not unless nobody else is bidding for mercs and you don't have very bad luck in some respects

tfw birnam wood attacks you at dunsinane hill.
<@!148098869782118401> fixed
turns now only counts human players
sweet
this f1s1 dude had his fuckin eyeglasses on
lmao jbrereton
what did you do
poor ragha
losing to scales patala as quadbless ragha requires ritual suicide
paper üëè rushes üëè scissors
apparently my reward for clearing out the bloodhenge that will literally always defeat about 7 nations' capital pd is 1d6 nature gems and the useless bow adventurer, lol
plus a chance at a constr 0-4 item
meanwhile in an actual misf3 province
did they buff stellar cascades? it's mr to resist half
and i swear it was mr to resist full
also since when are light lances one use only, ugh
it used to be not mr reist at all
oh ofc
does communion slave fatigue for multi path spells depend on the main path of the spell
yes
too bad for these augurs when i cast bane fire but oh well.
is cure disease a new spell? that seems like a good spell
it is new and quite bad
unless it is good? idk it seems bad
you fucked it up
.q mu
.q mu
oh. nice its not fuckedup
light lances are not one use
you just only get one charge
its thematically satisfying that in the act of casting the good shit, the elder augurs kill their lil bros
they can cast bane fire without communions cant they
!details bad

whos signed up for ryleh
someone made a mistake
conot
i think
a
and then signed up as someone else
but cannot remove the r'lyeh
<@173950598138298368> nothing exploded but can you destroy the ryleh signup for server 58
<@110869804197351424> there is one slot left in this badnations game for you
i thought it was full
its not full
the reason its full is osmeone is dumb
lol
lmao jsoh i assumed youd actually expanded beyond your cap circle somewhere
but i guess not
one in four augur elders can cast bane fire without a communion.
or a gem i guess
or a skull stick or power of the stars or whatever the fuck
boing why did you attack me
i want money
then you should have attacked jsoh
who was stuck to his cap circle
i dont border jsoh and i dont see his money provinces.
go attack scales patala imo
im not stuck in my cap circle because i own province 69
:)
nice
yeah which i gave to you because boing is bullying me
if boing no bully i could have killed you or man
now i have to fight an idiot hellwar with boing
which neither of us can actually win
im sorry to inform you that you could not have killed me
i win the war by holding this 100g province against your stupid small friendships
a war with me would also be a unending hellwar
jsoh i have more horses than you have comis
and twice as many provinces
do you really think that matters
yes
have you see the stat line on gladiator
???
i had a thousand gold at the start of this turn
if i was threatened i would have a hundred gladiators
and you would not kill me
ok not a hundred
lol if you have more than 171 income like a coward
but ~33
and then, 33 again
and then, 33 again
and then , 33 again
also im pretty confident in comitenses ability to beat 1.5x their number of knockoff eastern european horses
this bullshit
it is bullshit yes
the mod inspector is not flawless
`silt-yomimod-game turn 21 (13h 15m): fomoria (submitted: ‚úì, 9/11)`
never forget
[in chairman shenji yang, but only a bit, voice] not only can a light lance be used multiple times, it can repel too.
the game says the same thing
im gonna test it


the light lance is thrown away after charging.
maybe it actually throws away light lances for dudes who have another weapon
makes sense how the fuck are u gunna use a lance and a sword at the same time
yeah it doesn't on for example wind riders

trillwinter
aaaaaaaaaawgh
let me throw away this useless light lance
and grab my trust light lance
the singleuse one is used only by ermor equites and jomonese cavalry
how are u gunna use a light lance and a broad sword and a shield
the shield is strapped to your arm so you can hold the lance in one hand and the sword in the other
where does your shield go
boing is that for real about equites and jomons
on your arm
because lmao if illwinter devised of a way to spite those shit nations even more
its true
i am going to delete the shitty light lance in jbbm and give those guys the real ones
my quintuple ermor bless seems dumb no
no, it's good
it'll be good for lares.
do you actually thug those guys
sacred , ethereal, can buff prot and regen
and liquid body
any bless on ermor is worth it just for that hella sick hero you can get
lol if you dont take misf3 on every nation
do you mean the gladiatrix, <@97756994454188032>
etimmu
jbrereton balance mod?
yes jj
im the other ermor
rip
all of ermor died but their knights still got better lances
the gladiatrix ftw
what a great troll of the people who play ea ermor by the devs
?
they have a slave collared unsacred maiden of the moon ramc
as a hero
replacing the guy with 2 buds as the arena person
i love the idea of summoning a rural household spirit and kitting him out with murder items
like "oh there you are. no i don't want you to bless my crops, here take this mace of eruption and go fuck up some bird men"
hey if you think about it the citizen manipoles of ermor are, in the own way, rural household spirits sent to war with murder items
early age, but oldest men: ea ermor
its because they have healers and are therefore functionally immortal against the ravages of age and disease
try telling that to their 10 enc "elite" troops
its dumb to give the biggest spears to the oldest dudes but being old does not impair your ability to read a book or cast bane fires
its super illwinter though that old age rarely causes sight loss, dementia or heart problems, but definitely makes your limbs fall off every winter
hip replacements and that m8
falling over fainting after one too many sherries at christmas and smashing ur wrist up
not too much of a problem today, in the dominions of times, big deal
maybe in your sloth dominion
<@282646158218756116> still need help
did u delete the ryelh pretender
no
!details bad

not yet
can u please
theres no way for me to do that is there
!details bad

ty
and no
not yet
ma agartha is boring to play and should be avoided like the plague (because i want to play it, get away.  it's quite fun)  
they've got a reasonable if small toolbox to work with and the generally terrible movement does indeed suck.  on the flip side they get scrying right from the start so marching towards objectives at their crappy speed can at least be well informed.  still trying to work out a decent pretender design for them
sorry about that
didn't realize there was no water till after i slotted
well that changed actually
wtf
since the guy made the map robot play friendly with all ages
<@110869804197351424> join my game
im playing ars magica
well, i'd swap back to r'yleh but then naksu would have to delete bandar log
also trust <:trillwinter:372894192894214176> to not actually put in a way to unupload a pretender
a shameful partial
!details

<@120675876043096066> you're last up with 3 hours to go
wtf is... arse magica
ur mum
:eyepop:
yeowza how rude
okay ermor that's enough capital for you
it's also hilarious that bot got dispelled immediately again
i do my best
does anyone have water gems they want to be other gems?
because i am finding 0 water sites
haha jesus fuck this game
i saw ragha lose a lot of very expensive sacreds, but i guess they can afford that in la
i genuinely have no idea what to do against national elephants that hit hard in la
you probably cant afford to lose very expensive sacreds if you have 3 dom and trash scales
they're only morale 8-10 but i can't actually get them to morale route
or if they do they just trample through my army defeating the point

press the "cast frighten" button
this is as jomon i assume
i tried casting agony a hundred times over
n, as marignon
try casting 50 imps and 50 agony
and lost your 164 gold province for 2 turns
sad!
but it seems even if they rout due to morale they go for the "nearest border" out of battle which is inevitably my side since they start at the very front of the enemies' line
so they just trample through my units
are you sure they aren't zerked or some shit
b/c you always rout toward syour own side
be glad that he is making elephants and not zhayedans
you can also cast bondsof fire and false fetters and stuff
unless they have invisible zerk or something, no
those are low rp spells but you kinda have to tech for them specifically
in this latest battle they got set on fire and shit and still just charged onward
actually no they are like alt1 and thaum2 they are easy as heck

what research do you have?
conj 5, evoc 3, constr 4, ench 2, blood 5
addendum: he's sitting on my capital and my only other fort is across the sea
and he wiped out most of my remaining mages in a recent break out attempt which went
well, look above
agony should have done it really
ok, what've you got left?
basically nothing in cap, a few mundane commanders and a single 1f 1s 1b mage, basically no units to speak of
cast bot and go ai
in my other fort i have like, 13 mages + priests + the ability to recruit sailing commanders, but no way to give the mages sailing
i do not have thaum 5 or death mages
i'd trade water for pearls
i'm a bit low on pearls
i would probably have walked around them and took their shit unless theyve got a lot more provinces and armies then you
thats 1700g in elephants
in a single army
does he have many commanders, do they have astral?
they had been kinda expansionist and it was probably a mistake to fight him head on but alas
4 commanders, only one  mage, no astral
i do not suspect he has a reserve of mind hunting mages twf
just a suspicion here
nop.  really just fishing here
marignon *does* get astral, but it's not a reserve i have, no
i've got nothing particularly useful for that cap mage
alas, my non-cap astral mages are 1a (1w1s)
can you mind hunt your own province
yes
without killing your own mages in your own cap
prepare to instantly blow up some random scout's head instead of the critical enemy mage
tbh i might just go ai
be brave
this game has kinda blown for ages, between the staling utgard and the ragha who sieged my province only to go ai
cast some imps + agony + bonds of fire
see it through.  you've still got a fort so you could script that mage to, um, summon will 'o the wisp?  try to blockage the fort breach
yeah you're probably going to lose.  see it through anyway üòÉ
whats yuor pretender
dead
rip
i think its this one
but i can't recall offhand and he's been dead for a while so
!details

summon 5 imps or 2 will 'o the wisps?
how's he dead?
he was set to patrol on the cap because i thought masscasting agony would fuck the elephants
it did not
hmmm
tbf im incredibly confused now
if that guy casts agony until he passes out
the elephants should rout even just from trying to hit him
did they start with like 30 elephants or something
going off of the sprite they look like war elephants #1555  
base mr 6, base morale 9
a guy with 200 hp and ethereal and fire shield should 100% not die to straight up elephants
also shoulda been h3 g3
maybe he died due to hp routing, if the elephants hit a bunch of chaff?
can it even move
i dont think it can
i want water gems, lots of
it cannot move no
and i have a lot of chaff that the elephants like to chew on, yes
<@120391130536738816> stay out of cliffport (74) please and thank you
<@184675842432040960> this is not a drill. mictlan is deploying vampries
which one is that
just to the north of the one you just took this turn
oh
aight
üëç
also i would like to trade for more d gems. 8w+4n for 10d?
again?
i need nature more than water
i gave you 8n last time
but, if you aren't just alchemizing, then of course i am willing to swap 1 for 1, n for d.
also im actually dead in lanights after some consideration
being on defense is piss when you have roughly equal armies
how do i make an army running around stand fucking still
<@178868273935417344> welcome to the dead in lanights club
i have 2 provinces on turn 10
i've only not gone ai so i can play the "how badly can i fuck the guy who tries to kill me" game
nice can i have ur stuff absum
box them in or teleport on top of them?
no jsoh
i dont mean im literally dead rn
i mean that i'm probably going to die a slow death
boing will bully and torture me while i slowsly bleed out
yea so give me your gems please
im not giving you my uuh 15 gems
theyre all going to the war effort
do you have any nature
i can give gold
no
firebirds have given me zero events so far
i went ai in my fire bird game because someone with units attacked me and i lost
rip
on it now
i do not understand how to play air nations honestly
its insanely annoying because you abysia and man were all still at cap circle
i had idk 14 provinces
and i get attacked
and you three all get left alone
im very annoyed
actually
man doesnt even have his cap circle
honestly
i was going to get left alone
still missing two provinces
man is almost in my cap circle actually
and also caelums
what
so i think ur scouting is incomplete
h just failed to expand in his cap circle
again
like ive seen him try twice now
lol
oh wait yea
i didnt pay attention
<@170392794706214912> i cannot spare death gems anymore. i will trade fire or, idk, just fire actually
this guy.
what can a marble oracle be used for? it's a commander with h2 and the usual agartha statue trimmings.  seems like a thug but i have no idea how to fit it
thinks i'm gonna trade my valuable nature gems for crappy ol fire gems.
every death gem is instrumental to me winning war of northern aggression
do you have any pearls at all
even a single pearl riidi
fire gems are extremely  valuable
i think my best option here to teleport in and cast retardation bolts at his mages
.tag virtual_russian ermor picker
i dont actusly know whether i have any pearls
ill trade death gems for pearls at our regular rate
otherwise i want 2:1. i fucked up by giving you waht i did.
well not 2:1 but oyu know what i mean
1.5:5
1
1
1
1
1
our "regular rate"
you want me to give you 12 pearls for 10 d gems
il ldo that
i guess i'll say this: you don't ask for too little.
that being said, dream fucking on. i'll swap you one for one, n gems for d, or w gems for f.
you dont want death gems
so why even bother asking
of course i want them
okay then i want 12 pearls for 10 death gems
thats more than fair
that is an insultingly terrible offer, you asshole.
what the fuck is the matter with you?
the matter is i am fighting every other player in the game at once while you sit around qqing about werewolves or something
you know everyone else i traded with this game got a ratio of 0:1 in my favor
you're not fighting mictlan. i know this because he's 100% in on me.
everyone in the game except vanheim is doing what mictlan says
all you gotta do
is take the trade
you were okay with it last turn but now its a big deal
well guess what i got ribcages to make and shadows to blast
ribs to cage
i was okay with it beacuse it was gems i have a lot of, not pearls, which i don't.
that's what trading is for. you each give something that the other needs more than you do.
what i need the most are pearls
what i need the second most are death gems, what i need the third most, is things i can turn into pearls
ill do 1:1 for pearls
its not like you use them anyways
fomoria is sending another retard blob at me. a hundred nemedian warriosr commanded by two mages and two generals. this is so stupid!!! why doesnt this guy attack someone who can't assassintae him!!
it will be okay, friend
i know it will, but its annoying, because im gonna have to spend like 10 nature gems and lose several hundreds of income.
wait what
fomoria is attacking you? fomoria is attacking me
i guess he has a lot of shit to throw away
heres how madwopr plays: he drives a slow moving army into your cap ring and just runs around until it dies
but yeah knowing he split his army just put fomoria #1 on my player murder list
what is agartha doing
fuck all
he's had an army parked on mictlan's border for 2 turns now and done nothing. i guess maybe he's building forts? who knows
u can see forts under construction
!details

jsoh, does fort level matter for therodos freespawn?
im absolutely going to lose my mind if buff mind controls madwopr, karp, and kieran into selling him blood slaves for gems
i should never have done any naps. its always a bad decision.
ok riidi lets figure this shit out
what is your plan for fighting mictlan (but winning)
i win by not fighting
he's got ~200 units stacked up in a woods fort but only 4 commanders, if he tries to advance i'll seduce
hes patrolling for you then
meanwhile i run around his backlnie with impunity. eventually he'll step into a trap and lose all of his commanders and then his blob is jsut a bunch of crappy chaff
cuz he found one of my black boys
obviously i'm not going to be moving into his forts to seduce, yes
ok what im going to do then
is hit fomoria really really hard
straight shot to their capitol
anyway i cant tell you too many of my strats because maybe you'll leak them to him in exchange for gems, *i* don't know.
i would but it would have to be a really good one to be worth gems
ive got 15 death gems this turn
ill give em all in exchange for 20 of runner's choice
or if you're using them to forge, i'll just send you the item
no atlanton
or at least not for commanders
which is all u care about mostly
fomoria is casting pale riders a bunch
which is a good spell, sure, but he's tricklnig them out
did you know, that, five turns ago, i had a big decisive battle against agartha and fomoria cast seeking arrow twice and killed nothing but my archbishop
so i lost 30 knights to not being so sacred now huh
he has been, and i wish i was making this up, casting seeking arrow to assist his allies
crazy. insane.
its terrible
anyway ill send you 20w
done
lol
what pd levels is "quite well organized"
>>mugsbaloney - yesterday at 8:51 am
would anyone be interested in writing up their pretender design /strats etc? id be interested to know what you guys did and what youd improve etc
i based my pretender choice on jokes
i wanted to be dippin' dots, the outsider or otherness or whatever is a bunch of floating balls
but went with an earth snake named black snake moan because r'lyeh is kind of garb and i needed expansion help
he solo'd most provinces in and around the lake til a bunch of cavemen kiled him
for r'lyeh, a nation i knew going in was not top-tier, my strategy was "be a less attractive option to attack than the next guy"
you don't have to be the fastest, you just have to be faster than the slowest
i went scales with an expander because r'yleh has nothing worth blessing and needs so much gold
6-19. hth.
@conotr
i set everything to 6 for just that reason
those caveman & their clubs can be surprising occassionally.  i think most targets seem to get chosen based more on proximity & diplomancy rather than value, except maybe ermor.  i saw i had a bunch of do not eat stuff and could do fun things with gems so i went death 3 with much the same idea of making it seem less valuable a target.  i might still take death for points but it just didn't seem meaningful enough as a deterent
death scales paint a target on your back if anything
also the supply mechanism doesn't seem that strong, given indie nature mages aren't uncommon
oh my aufcking edasjfdsa
if you want to run death as attrition you have to do a popkill nation pretty much
https://puu.sh/zbvlk/060f71108a.jpg
yeah it's not a fast rate
otherwise death just really seems like an all-in option for a bless
lmao
you are being dogpiled by all players and the game itself
its not even my misfortune
its someone elses dominoion
stygian skin can be nice and withering weapons seems to fairly reliably ensure that things hit die post battle
i lost
20 sacreds from that
looks like 5 years aging per battle turn then turning into damage once they're old
stygian is good iff you have magical weapons
or are fighting against undead
otherwise you buff the opponent just as hard
magic weapons ignore invuln though so if your national troops use magic weapons you're set
sorry i mean stygian rains
ah
"things die after battle" is great if it's hitting a 400g mage and less so if it's hitting a 30g mook
most of my sacred stuff hits really hard and tends to kill stuff outright so not sure it's that great for ma agartha.  maybe it works for some spells, sacred mages?
what, withering weapons?
did he get arrowed
nah
before your things instantly killed bogus and his friends
he got arrowed
but then the dark knight killed him
oh didn't he have guards
b.c my guys were still on hold
hold attack
no
badly positioned
rip
turn 25 of dogpile
raiding party destroying temples
like 2 turns of recruitment ust flying around wrecking shit
anyway i have a level 3 throne
and cataclysm starts in 5 turns
so i think i win
who the heck is spamming seeking arrows at me?
ulms the only other guy with a level 3 throne s
show yourself coward
so its down to who can defend it better
and also dice
stop injuring my shitty monkeys
i wish i had enough d to twiceborn my god to put some insurance on my bless
me too.  got sneaking suspicion it might be ai ys?
yep
how will you stop kurgi
condor is 8 mr
does hrurvur show up too
cause he's got shock res
they should add ars magica mode where every effect is resisted by mr but also nothing has mr
if you get scabiel you will kill him pretty hilariously at least
no fucking shock res. idiot dumbass bug horror just going to get stunned and die
its scabiel kurgi and uhh
another one i forget
i always forget
well how will you handle kurgi
i assume you have an antimagic caster
supays and huacas have lots of mr
do you have enough alt to battlefortune your stuff
if you mr and battle fortune you should be able to handle them all probably
hrurvur would hurt a bit but you should be able to kill him anyways
maybe put on lightning resist for that
he likes to spam shockwave at point blank with innate
agon
agon is the other
he has unsurroundable ten
aside from 25 defence, 20 fear and unsuroundable 10
hes easy
also dr2
oh shit
though that's nothing compared to dr7
still
you will already have antimagic up anyways for kurgi
im getting like
hopefully it's just scabiel
6-12 attacks a square
who you kill with losing like 0-10 guys
they have retinues of baby horrors too innit
hruvur has false horror friends
idk about cata i didn't play that much with it
why is dragon girl better than all of the pretender dragons
a2w3e1!
with e1 base you could actually make the idiot fuckers expand
army kind of shifts to being mostly supayas
since i cant cast spells anymore soon
supaya work better anyway
brave, more mr
supayas and skelemans/ghouls
brave, mor mr, magic weapon
magic weapon (bad)
still magic
but it will shock stun so it's fine
and pile on fatigue also
being stunned doesnt stop them from casting spells tho
i think ulm likely has a fort on their throne
whihc is bad for them
he has to patrol then
ya
where as i can reanimate/research/preach
are you two the only two with claimed thrones
no
jsut
the only with level 3
so you just have to hold
until the others are broken
yeah
well i have 4 points rn
so if i get lucky i win
perfect
and if i dont get lucky and i can hold i win
what is a weetabix
theres 12 thrones i dont hold and only 2 that i do
sceleria also has 4 points but theirs 111 and 2
err,  1 1 and 2
they have infinity skeletons tho
nuclear moneky did you see the big reveal of what sphinx thrones do
weetabix is a breakfast cereal
that's generous
its a pressed cereal cube
that dissolves into mush
we dont need your editorializing here
yum
what do
the big reveal is : sphinx throne defenders cast 3 self buffs and attack rear
with 80~ fatigue
excellent
what does the bad luck bless do
is it just a 2-turn curse
it seems v suspect on first blush
b/c you have to get hit
in other dominions games curse luck made you more likely to get crit / made you take slightly more damage
i kind of assumed it was 'double damage' like fools luck backlash
but never tested
what nations have high prot sacred chaff
the bad boys of bad luck
niefelheim
ghost havers
dont care if u kill their sacred chaff
living pillars have 21 prot
sure
!details bad

samog join my dang game ! join it! samog
?badnations
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/372490951391838221/406973373030203403/lzigxzd.png
samog instead of ever making a nazca game make a everyone is uruk game
becasue uruk is so fucking stupid and b ad and confusing
the bad luck bless might be good for rus because of bears
but then you would ahve to have bad luck on firebird nation
uruk has like 5 commanders too many
uruk has too many units, and then they have 6 more for underwater
they lose the ability to recall a god with no penalty right
they just have elegist so it's easy
i dont think so
it's not in their thing
like it is for ur
uruk has
ten priest mages on land
and 2 more i think uw
i just kileld my god can called him back and he came back with the same paths and same domscore
maybe i should try this with someone with more than n1
i died 5 times and lost no domscore or paths
i guess they just forgot to put it on there
same
that fucking chariot
jeuss waht the fuck
is this heor
jesus christ illwinter
hero
200g for 19hp
14 prot
w4e3n2h3
i throw a bunch of shit and some unscripted mages at a throne as a hail mary and actually take it
inspiring researcher
i think the ai is better at scripting than i am lol
i think to play uruk you make your stupid fucker 16g bow
mm 12 lol
the other bow
that costs less res
blisteringly fast mm 14
ya
14 strength longbow tho
also your melee troops are ireedeemable trash so dont make them ever probably
o
galas are spell singers
yes
because ?
double the swarm!
well
you should probably make nineteen galas
s3 recruitables who are sacred
and a good as fuck god
and can random s4
yeah recup
all ur shits sacred actualy
so recuperation is a no brainer
recup, arcane finesse if you can get it probs
oh theres recruit anywhere s2 also
this nations not so bad
and the big ladies acn make coins
why do they need
they dont have any sn chassis
3 separate priest+ 1 path units
5 too many commanders
too much shit
is it possible to thug ensi
https://puu.sh/zby1r/74fcbe90e2.jpg
inspiring 2
4 paths
what the fuck
is this
dlc god
ensi can be thugged easy i think
his base combat scores are ass but he's got the other stats for it
yeah i saw that.  those mages did quite a lot, some of it even useful
(also goddamnit i wanted that throne üòõ )
it's too hard to get recup and finesse on the same dude
oh wait, dragon can do that i guess
idk if i want to take a great sage for rp bonus because thats what you do when you take a minor bless rainbow
or take something else and hope and pray for the stupid great sage hero
you do not. you take a big fuckoff god because you use him as a bludgeon the entire game
you take mis3 kiss the hero goodbye
yeah
all in on mind hunt, the god https://i.imgur.com/qiff133.png
ench2 then uhhh
alt4
alt5 if no one else can moak
cheaper on a bull
altho u lose the hands, and flying
mobility and berserk is a giant liability later
oh its actually not really cheaper
since n2
literally 2 points
actually, ench3 then alt5
3 points
astral shield at s4 plus you get a pen on it i think
hurts to have low domstrength with 600 gold temples
that dumbass 4 path pretender would be so good on almost anyone but uruk
you have preachers all over the fucking place
if you need to control dom you can
urmallhu gets 1 more scale
but then u have urmallhu instead of a dragon
urmallhu can't expand worth a shit
shedu costs exactly the same but then you ahve a shedu instead of adragon
ie: no hands
a dragon amybe the actual best pick fucked up
need something that can actually fight and not be a pieceo f shit like your nation
https://puu.sh/zbypj/63d9805b20.jpg
flame spirits too.
cold2 with 14 map move lol
fire arrows instead of no fire arrows
yeah hmm
i dont think scorpion can expand without hard skin
neutral magic
heat 3
24 prot
can buff with fire shield/regen etc
57 base hp 24 is not enough
unless you wait for ench2
ench2 he's probably okay if you stay away from cav?
ugh oyu can only get 5 longbows from cap on turn 1 without pro 1
and starting army only has 5
https://puu.sh/zbyzk/985a3bf175.jpg blind lol
poison breath actually owns wow
its a huge swathe
didnt they change how poison works now also
ya you always roll
even if your pr is greater than poison
thats the only change i think
poison sucks and nobody likes it. what should we do
_thinks real hard_
i died to 7 heavy cav
make ctis die to their own foul vapors
perfect ship it
i will sell this throne to whom'st'ever gives me 10 000 gold ducats
dragon works tho if you are careful
at ench2 he's very safe
wow enkidu shamans kind of own still
125 gold for n2e1
bad at books and str tho
still worth making
ya you just put a lab where you are going to put a fort
and crank 2 out while its building i think
your best research mage is a fucked up looking fish creature
that you need a fort for :(
iw that ma ur
is
ya
oh
samog
join
my
game
!details bad

samog won dominions like willus
alright a indie commander with 1 turn of longbows once ur cap circle is half celar
kulullu sage is the goofiest looking motherfucker
can expand
with prod 1
well at least once you are banished to the ocean for being so goddamn shitty you can have good rp
lol my dragon got bopped by a barbarian commander and lost a foot
but recuperated it instantly
... but i sleep on that pile of gold
yeah making your foot all better is good
since broken foot means you fly slow because ???
one problem
how tf do i get a lab underwater
make a ring for the dragon
only const2. very easy
theres mermans and shit everywehre
i guess
that sucks shit tho
yes but wouldn't you prefer to sleep on a throne of your own?
with ench3 and a ring the dragon can clear ocean no prob
that heroes fucking bonkers i want to take misfortune 2
just to roll for it
turmoil 2 msifortune 2 is acceptable
inspired research on a 9 path h3 hero very good
turmoil 2 mis2 is civil war unlocked
i thought it was turmoil 3
hmm.
oh well can sacrifice production 1 then
you would just get the immortal old man n3h2
all the cool kids have thrones and i have none üò¶  
actually tempting
this is all theorycraft anyway im almost certain to enver play this nation
monkey join the badnations game
no im in three games
oh i went ai in stupid robot
defeat me as powerful yomi
why
i hate blood and i hate my dumbass broken bless
and i hate my dumbass awful starting position
solar bug is pretty shit
the bless is just stupid
what bless does yomi have
doesnt matter
reinvig recuperation morale or some shit
he has a make a lot of temples bless
he has like 60 bandit archers
and all of his guys have fire resist
oh, which is broken
yeah
and cancels solar
that's pretty lame
i also went ai in uhhh, some other game i dont remember whihc one
so im only in 6 games now
oh yeah the one where i was rus
only 6
did you recall your god yet in yomi game i didn't look
i didnt get a single event for 5 turns in a row and am bankrupt
yeah
or are you just attacking me with not blessed shikome
ages ago
tbh it would work either way
shikome are silly
they are immune to plague which is fucked up
i want the inspiring ur guy on pythium
though i assume it doesn't add. just strongest takes precedence
yep
big pythium play: wish for the inspiriing 2 ur god
fucked up hat i wasnt allowed to just mind control bolivar and make him my new god, giving me thunder weapons
https://puu.sh/zbz92/4a2f6b9472.jpg next mictlan god
actually kitty god gets all of the same bless with 6 domscore kitty god op
are there any early self buffs that can help a pretender expand into cavalry more safely?
ironskin
personal quickness
personal regen
uhhh
mirror image is early i think
if you go drain 3 dont you start losing magic gems?
need bad luck for those i think
check the luck 1 bringer of fortune fortune teller
makes sense
yeah mirror image is alt2.  that does seem the best bet, cheers
mirror image wont really uhh
make oyu not die
it just gives you more chances to not die
oh right last turn on gems 4 golds
yeah it looks like it's just more degrees of brittle.  hope they don't roll too high on damage, hope they miss from mirror image.  entirely plusable for the first hit to knock out mirrow image and that's all she wrote.  how do you deal with cavalry?  
i've been putting everything far back so that i tend to deal with just the cavalry first
have an azi
have 35+ prot
instanttly attacak rear and kill all of the commanders
have 25+ defence
flight is ench2, hmm
when does badgame start?
when it gets a 12th player
or , more accuraetly, like an hour after so i can make a map and upload the map
i will buy your gems
how many n do you have
!details

!details bad

https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/372490951391838221/406973373030203403/lzigxzd.png
the bot should sort nations by age in multi age games i think
jsoh im going to get annihilated. i dont know how to play dominions 5
thats good
same
<@255835336083636234> make the bot sort nations by age in multi-age games
the best players in the game
are playing yomi ur and uruk
how do i register
connect to snek.earth 30058 and upload a pretender
and then say to the robot
!register nation bad
<@282646158218756116>: error: could not find nation starting with nation. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
!register ma caelum bad
<@110869804197351424>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
!register "ma caelum" bad
<@110869804197351424>: error: could not find nation starting with ma caelum. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
!register caelum bad
<@110869804197351424>: registering nation caelum for user <@110869804197351424>
hmm.
a gamer has appeared to join the bad gaming
what if there are two of caelum
there aren't!
problem solved forever
whew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijmtvkoahpm
!details bad

oh
corbeau mad a all ages function for the thing
but didnt bother to release it
lol
my god is really bad.
much like your posting
now we get to wait for me ot make a map that i could ahve made yesterday
and upload it
for an hour
this pd was not prepared for this https://puu.sh/zc2gl/5ffa52da78.jpg
comitense are special ops
5 guys taking out pd like it ain't no thang
yeah except thats a fucking tarrasque not comintense
yeah but my guys prefer to be killed by the honourable humans over the smelly swap dragon
i mean going by performance#
that tarrasque is mainly there for moral support
look at that centurion, killing nearly 29% of the enemy army by himself.
the centurion is myprophet
and world famous as : the guy who finally defeated bogus
my god for bad nations is very bad
i should make a better one
but i dont think i will
https://puu.sh/zc35i/a2505c1453.png you have until the uploads finish
it would be insanely good if i could somehow automatically create dominions five maps server side on naksus thing the same way i make game servers but that would be kind of a lot of work probably for not much benifit to anyone but me, the guy with the insanely dog shit canadian isp
aint gonna happen
badgods for life
my god is good and i playtested bandar log and what i'm saying is i'm going to win badnations
this is not at all an empty bluff which will crumble the first time i have to fight an actual player
i playtested my god several times and i think i averaged about 4 provinces by end of the year so things are only gonna go up from there
i dont even remember what my god is
i made it like two days ago
would have thought the us would non-enjoy the bad puritan cereal "weetabix" but it looks like it's suffered failed american rollouts in the past
corn flakes are the puritan cereal of choice in america
could we make the wheatabix out of molded corn
kellog was a madman
```kellogg's was founded as the battle creek toasted corn flake company on february 19, 1906, by will keith kellogg as an outgrowth of his work with his brother john harvey kellogg at the battle creek sanitarium following practices based on the seventh-day adventist church.```
cereal based on christian apolcalypse occultism
no better match for dom5
<@282646158218756116> i'll make u a map, who's in the game
!details bad

aaaaa
thats whos in the game yeah
ive been uploading a generic map for like an hour
on it
gotta disable some wip stuff still
surprised no water nations
not for lack of trying
i had no water nations
because the generic maps dont make water starts
and theres no all ages setting
i was gonna sign up as oceania
give myself 30 provinces kappa
in the therodos game
theres like 20 water provinces or something and im in a 10 province lake
so one other thing about this version
it incorporates the new water size control features
as in total water size or rough size of each lake/ocean?
currently uploading a .zip to my dropbox, but going to at least test it ingame before sharing the thing
though come to think of it, it'll explode for me because i don't have the allages mod you're using
its in <#401498099622608911>
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/401498099622608911/406972825782714370/bad_nations_5.zip
if you are going to uplaod the maps somewhere please just upload them to snek.earth
because my upload is very very bad and that will be much faster for everyone involved
k
if only david koresh had invented an accessible cereal instead of abusing children and then being torched to death alongside dozens of his victims by the atf
have you heard the album "david koresh superstar"
by the indelicates aka "that girl who left the pippettes before they recorded anything"
and "some other people also"
uploading to snek now, all start locations confirmed correct and working
also just realized you let someone get away with bogarus
that nations seems not amazing, but not bad
la abysia is the most questionable probably
discounted blood thorn is uhhhh
is la abysia still stuck on mm1 heavy infantry?
because i think mm1 units (under old movement designations) only get decent with lots of roads to make them pseudo-mm2
and i don't have roads in yet
im guessing bad map is the one hey
got it in one
i've not
its good, the bands good too
cool ta
looking at it i think it's a p. interesting one
should be a fun game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pb032lflhla
maybe not your thing idk
bad nations started! wow!
woah the bot works!
i was *going* to play r'yleh in badnations but then i was lied out of throwing the uttervast at people
#fakenews
good! that isn't in the spirit!
i could've taken a great white boar but that is not the point
nice i won the game
msm personal / master of disease, nice
jbrere does your opinion of uttervast change if you know that it can get afflictions
which tbh is hilarious
uttervast with a "limp"
it's okay to have an ethereal limp i think
i like oprah, but the president, foremost of the westerners tbh
s'alright! somewhat dresden dolls'y
i was going to be pissed that inspirational bless didnt work
but actually just oni generals are that bad
```la abysia      @jerek
ma bandar log  @conot
la bogarus     @scrree
ma caelum      @samog
ea ermor       @boing
la gath        @atlanton
la jomon       @meksivik
ea marverni    @rockybst
la patala      @ganjdalf the purple
ea ur          @ramc
ma uruk        @jbrereton
ea yomi        @jsoh```
how the heck do i get the bot to stop messaging me again?
!help
<@282646158218756116>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
hmm
notifications false
oh man
i almost fucking hired merrow mercs
!notifications false
<@97756994454188032>: set turn notifications to false
glad i looked that up
the merrow mercs are genuinely usable due to their starting xp stars
i have ap roblem,
i took sloth 3 so i cant acutally make a oni shugo without expanding
or it will be str
goonspeed, gamer
im going to believe that you are not playing some dastardly trick on me
hmm
im very confused
should have used yomimod‚Ñ¢
oh ok nevermind
sort of defeats the point of bad nations game
i was like "why do i ahve s4 and not have an astral bless"
+1
but far caster doesnt show up for some reason
from pearl?
oh right
ya alongside arcane leadership which doesn't show up
great fkin work there iw
i mean i disagree with sloth 3 on yomi
but then again yomimod me is rolling in cash so
ü§∑
i have decided that for bad nations game
bakemono are alright
i will go with the actualyl good yomi pretender design
ive only one mountain in my cap circle tho so im instantly defeated
wait im wrong
theres 2
!!!!!
2 sounds like a reasonable amount
that's like 4 normal provs' worth of onis!
theres like 5 more within what would be my nominal zone of control
if i were not yomi
i think even being yomi, is this piss poor a field
that might be a win
holy shit i have death 3
what have i done
lmao what have you done
i took luck death instead of growth misfortune
oh my lord
hahahahahahahaha
well
maybe you'll get some extra d gems
maybe that was what it was for
i hate the me of 40 hours ago
even in normal games i find my expansion as yomi is p. gud
pillage you are self, that income isn't scales dependent
maintaining control is another question but
eh
ü§î can you pillage a 0 pop prov
<@255835336083636234> please make the robot send samog a message about 24 hours after the games turn so he can put in his turns at the right time
you wanna put a bangin donk on it.
!details bad

oh god i'm in a game with samog
fuck
no but getting to 0 pop is v diff', outside of ermor land
you can pillage ap rovince with 10 income
er 10 pop
hell yeah
you can but it is insanely hard to kill them that way and you will get 0 income until you do
however events based on pillaging so long as they are #pop0ok will work!
there are pillage events?
hmm
if i raid a indie province whats the chance they wll fight me
quick lets conspire against jsoh in here since he refuses to read game specific channels
ok it looks like indies never stop you from raiding them
but you also dont get very much gold
hmm
i guess you could raid a throne until it didnt have enough population to make enough supplies to feed its people
and they all starved
im so good at this game actually wow
ya it's like a more nation specific equivalent to bvcing a throne
why the fuck
there are pillage/raid events in yomi mod, i don't know if there's any in vanilla
im trying to pillage yomi
and its getting repelled
fucking game
i think if im going to pillage my capital on turn one i need to take a couple guys out of the army
otherwise i hit more than 100 unrest and i cant recruit mages
wouldn't yomi basically be a land full of onis and their feudal peasants
sounds pretty tough to pillage
agreed
also i see a grand total of 2 caves on the map
corbeau map gen doesn't seem to like caves much
i've seen maps with 0 tbh
i hope i get at least one of them :x
they're both a medium distance away so its no sure thing
but neither is on the other end of the world at least
i've not had a chance to look at the map
i fully anticipate to be surrounded by wastes and swamps
ok
i only have 1 waste
22 guys with pillager 1 lead by a guy with pilalger 3
but my cap is only connected to 4 provinces, while the next province over has 6 connections
:(
gives like 250 gold
and leaves you at ~58 unrest
move cap option when
so presumably you could pillage againe with a few less guys
but 23 guys gives 300 gold and leave you at 95
so i guess if i can expect to expand i should pillage with 23 guys
either way is much much better than 184 income
how does dom3mods look worse now
huh
can the bakemono with yaris expand
oh i guess they are undisciplined so they wont make a good square
yo demon priests have 14 magic resist wtf
bakemono fight alright
oh that reminds me
you know how for oni summoning purposes it says unrest is treated like turmoil scales
15/point
does that mean you can get more then 3 "turmoil" scales by pillaging
no
or are you maxed out if you already have 3 nat
ah well
i can't believe i fucked up this ea tc game possibly completely due to being ill and attacking like 9 provinces ineptly instead of 2 properly
hmm
so ermor has air water and blood
and earth
marv has blood/nature
bogarus is a girl with astral/death
fire/blood on gath
with order scales
the reason the caves are there is becasue of people who like caves i think
if you feel like patala didnt get enough caves complain at corbeau asking for more
lmao that rerolling the map until you have 3 nearby caves advice was taken semiseriously
the robot wont work good with this name for the channel i think
better
does patala need caves?
i've never had anyone ask about their start before, probably because no one plays patala
yomi likes caves too
though they don't *need* them
also there are 3 caves on the map
they're uncommon unless a start demands them, but they happen
and i don't think any of these nations are mandated to have caves nearby
there are a lot more mountains because a bunch of nations have nearby mountain tags
<@317410996169736204> that image is too small
how can we put samog 3 miles off the top border with an image that small
!details
!details

have you ever even played with samog
no but repeating things that were said in the thread is fun
the legend of samog
you are appropriating our culture
this is not a costume
don't think of it as culture appropriation
think of it as hostile dom spreading into your land making it turmoil 3 sloth 3 death 3 luck 3
in time you will learn to love it.
is anyone near aby in stupid robot
mu - today at 5:52 am
https://i.imgur.com/yvjuwui.png
bargain donk
https://media.giphy.com/media/3ohs7vlthtxc2yqmsu/giphy.gif
natural selection 3 lookin good
lol. my dryad used a gem to cast enlarge instead of swarm in a seduction battle
who did she cast it on
is that star citizen
atlanton you have to script them
uh so does libluini want this game paused or what
yes it is star citizen
also crytek responded to star citizen's legal letter and crobberts is going to get fuckin owned lol
he posted in the thread saying he wanted a pause yeah
i forget who hosts this game
<@96715337440952320>
<@190292302785150976> libluini requested a "extension"/pause till saturday in the thread, just a head's up
!details

how to teleport spells that transport armies work? just the units under the mage's command?
so you can't teleport commanders unless they can cast it themselves (or you have that artifact)?
uh even with the artifact you on;y get the dudes you are commanding i think
the cool thing about the artifact is it means you can do it from not a lab
all my good mages  are shit commanders :<
there's a hat
and a whip sort of
they stack
or you can make random magic beings
or undeadf
or you could be r'lyeh and a lot of your dudes would already be magic beings
is how i did it the last time i wanted to teleport armies
it felt really appropriate to the an empire of two seperate vast oceans connected only by my teleportation rituals
although it honestly would have been easier at that point to just finish conquering the land in between
hiya sorry
i don't read the thread so ping me if stuff like that happens
that's a turn reset
ping me tomorrow if they want it paused again
<@96715337440952320> they said they wouldn't be back till saturday so
i guess you can decide which way to lean on that
huh okay hmmm
how do i pause a game
ü§∑
i guess ask <@173950598138298368>
<@173950598138298368> how do i pause a snek game
uh don't at naksu except for serious stuff, i can explain how snek works
okay
how
lemme look at the interface real quick to be sure i remember
but basically you change the timer
to a large number
and hit restart
or like stop and then start again
if a game is paused for 6 days it will die.
there‚Äôs no stop button so i assume it‚Äôs restart
cool
!details

did someone ask for a pause in stupidrobo?
no, in la nights
cool, i'm not in that one
!details

for week?
no fucking chance
i'll let him get a sub or i can do his turns but i'll tell him
another thing to know as patala: eventually you can spam meteors at everyone forever
ehh
there are better uses for your wizards but you could
you have 1 cap only 4 point commander that can definitely do meteors
and another cap only with a 25% chance
i have not got a meteor capable mage yet in la nights game
and it's turn what 11?
yeah i made only those cap slow dudes after year 1 in my patala game
they have like 10 paths plus randoms
they can fully search provs in several paths if you roll a good one
they're pretty cool
and you can give them a pile of ablative monkey communicants
more of a late game thing though
hm
wouldnt it work better to set it to zero hours
(there are really only 8 paths plus 1.1 randoms. still very good.)
so there isnt a timer
no
b/c he claimed to be set on saturday
sounds like its time to hyperaggro caelum
i think you mean "for hyperaggro caelum >: d"
(if that's who he is)
it is
ok cool because that's who i will be doing turns for if he does not say "i have got a ringer such as flavah in"
where's our paycap on professional dominions 5 substitutes.
hmm
!details

they changed incarnate blesses on currently dead immortal pretenders without saying anything
so they no longer work if you're reforming
makes sense tbh
question
does move-patrol patrol out scouts and unrest?
no
it should be renamed and i told them so in beta but there we go
bless these idiots.
it doesn‚Äôt?!
well blast it.
!details

<@282646158218756116> what is the game port
i cant take my turn because im on laptop and its not written down anywhere
!list

30058
oh nice.
so what does it do
it letrs you fight in a dfeensive field battle that turn, rather than automatically moving into the fort
there's not really defensive advantage anymore for battle
does achashic record reveal magic sites
people keep saying it does, even though the description says not to
can someone please set iloveu ai in stupidrobot
@ridii those gems pushed me into wrath of god zone btw. thank u 4 ur support
why does ilu need to be ai
!details

also what nation is he
achashic record reveals graphs for the nation whos capital you cast it on cryle thats it
no sites
<@179427307386044416> i did script her. her first spell was a gem empowered enlarge despite being scripted to swarm
v powerful
cryle you can't @ me if you are going to misspell it
i mean
it puts you there and gives you orders to patrol
but the actual patrolling doesn't happen until next turn
it's mostly there so you can land outside a fort
despite the turn sequence implying otherwise
yup
hi
sorry $ridi
rename "new bad nations" to "nude mad nations"
rename ea machaka to ooh ahh machaka
no village was ever ruined by trade
are you going to send everyone in the game a dm that says "hi" in another feat of heroic diplomancy samog
cryle akashic knowledge is the site reveal one
also graphs
no
the colombian exchange would like a word
graph is record
site is knowledge
trading smallpox counts
further: akashic knowledge reveals hidden sites, scrying pool or whatever reveals not hidden sites
nations that are nude and man, i.e. pangaea, or nations that are mad about nudity?
*nude and mad
nude and mad is the only way to live
any interesting pretender epiphets this time
look at yomi
ill bash ur fukin head in m8, sovereign of sin, friend of sailors
legit
male seeking male, master of disease. nice
lord of wildlife also
oprah but the president, lady of fertility, keeper of the garden of delight
foremost of the westerners
well duh she's the president
president of uranus
why are monkies not attacking the vicious skeleton interlopers by the way
you have broken my expectation of dominions
oh, the monkeys are weak, frightful creatures and i have a lot to lose by attacking with mages when i'm not confident in my army.
to be honest this is yet another game where i deeply regret not taking blood vengeance to fuck up enemy mages
according to the art of war, this admittance of weakness means he‚Äôs about to turbofuck some skeletons
üêí
jonjoe take turn
i will later
all of the provinces in my cap circle look very suspicious.
in bad? mine look yugely dangerous or completely not worth expanding into
like 50 horse tribe for a waste, twice
can i get 48 he pause on games
hr
i have 1 (one) easy one i think i will take üôè hopefully it does not have a wind master and 3 cloud mages

excuse is admitted to hospital
hmm that's okay excuse
what happen
get well soon monkee/ the kid or spouse or alternative important person
i got the flu, then it infected my tonsil which made an abscess that was obstructing breathing
i am in nazca game and lanights and stupidrobot
la nights is on hold for like a week
they sucked 3cc of green yellow shit out of my neck
having kids and getting sick from them owwwwwnnnns
<@132118617163563008>  i am not trying to be a jerk here i am just trying to make a game which is a first return for mu and boing for a very long time not flame out and i hope you can appreciate that
i am not going to wildly declare war on people although i promise i will try extremely hard to own anyone that does try and fight you
i did not know there was a strain of brain-eating flu
bone hurting flu
[3:00 pm] jsoh: are you going to send everyone in the game a dm that says "hi" in another feat of heroic diplomancy samog
thats probably the most powerful diplomantic technique that exists
lol
fucked up but true
the really casual neighbour meme
is three days better? because technically, i'm only gone from tuesday morning to friday evening
hello neighbour winky face
i'm sorry but i'm just not doing it, that turns into people saying "can we have 48 forever" pretty quickly and the game totally dying out
tired: send everyone a pm saying hi
as i said i reset the timer on this turn so you can find an alternative you'd like better if you prefer
wired: send each person individually a pm saying hi, [nation name]
well, can you do my turns? i remember there was some problem on brainwrinkle with passwords using numbers or something
its not even a joke.
high effort friendlies
its incredibly powerful that ive made a game that exists only in discord so no one can really escape diplomancy
there were non irc fuckers, but there can be no non discord fuckers because the game doesnt exist anywhere elese. amazing
lol
now im going to disengage from diplomacy entirely because you made fun of my strat.
i can do my turns, i hosted the game and i have a master password
im operating on such a high level that ive defeated an opponent on turn 2 with a joke
perfect! just remind me that this is one of my games when i'm back, and i'll give you free reign!
im going ai.
so what is the most powerful diplomancy then samog? open your eyes
i jungle at 3.
set to 48 hr timer at request of <@!169456837236621312>
just for this turn
!details

did they ever make the map filters work right
samog please make a user role for everyone who plays dota so i can beg dozens of people to play dota with me at a time
jsoh have you heard of
the incredibly good game mode
ability draft
quick jb send me all his gems
when i played dota i would say hi all, in allchat, once everyone had joined the server. it was not as effective a diplomatic strategy in that game.
!turns
if questioned on it later just say you summoned a bunch of magical units and lost them in a big fight with yomi which left me crippled
here comes the small play police.
ooooh ahhhh machaka
robot no why
?
https://media1.tenor.com/images/4b5c77afa8801e33164d8292ace71a3e/tenor.gif?itemid=4336215
it ignored my plea for turn
i think turns only works in private
nobody else wants to see your filthy fucking turns get a room
it also ignored there
(janet voice) not a robot. üôÇ
!details
<@190292302785150976>: error: could not find the game
!turns
listens to ne
me
try again
it took a minute to work for me
works now
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/duvlsszxuaemj9w.jpg:large
someone else was talking to the robot at the same time as you i think or some shit idk
only one perosn is allowed to talk to the robot at a time
robots are notoriously bad listeners
wanted to see if <@160127200803160064> attacked with his virgin animes our if he bowed obediently as i take his cap circle
in what lanights?
ya
we're on hold for a week get dunked
the robot uses blockchain technology.
rip
!details lanights

we‚Äôre on hold until friday
actually we might get one more turn
if lord sloth hurries up
anyway i'm not going ai because its my god given right to extract an ounce of blood for every inch you take
i'll make you *regret this*
ü•ó
^^ as close to salute as i could find
hey conor i finally officially killed you in more turns like uhhh last turn
wow that took forever
conot*
how did that take so long
i didn‚Äôt want to recruit more boulder throwers
i had like one province and no army when i went ai
in fact
i was in negative income and losing units to desertion
i was spending all my gold on
temples and labs and forts
fucked up
too busy building swanky labs to put a friend in the grave
i see what kind of person you are jj
just this turn i‚Äôm spending 1850 on a fort upgrade, 2 labs, and a temple
what ritual makes ur soup 2 tasty?      burden   of    thyme
what ritual makes you release a sick holiday single? illwinter
i will regret nothing
what ritual makes you kill yourself
all of them
babby animes cannot harm chad giants
virgin jomon, chad utgard
what bless did you go with on them giants
only two incarnate blesses awake
he went with the extreme quickness memes
quickness regen
gotta
go
fast
quickness and swiftness
imagine a giant fatiguing itself to death
forever
best stratagem
imagine 4 sacreds at the edge of a cliff
they kill a lot of shit before they hit their kill limit
so what you‚Äôre saying is
the enemy just needs to throw bodies at the giants
until they hit their kill limit
lots of them yes
and a line as wide as the battle field
well, 3 per 1 giant
i am reading books. soon i can counter "lot of troop"
giants will kill more than 3 normal things
i know
i‚Äôm just saying for width
‚Äúgirth‚Äù
like 10 apiece before they start dying
does jomon get skeleton access
oh no\
nuclear monkey says he will be able to counter huge piles of garbage
someone kill him
lol
huge piles of garbage is like, my only thing
jomon in a snse gets skeleton access jj
in that it is invariably killed and turned into skeletons
jomon has incredibly cool access to all the good late game tools like...
not having shields
late game shields aint shit
or doing anything right
jomon has "make dai oni" right
sorry i meant to type late age
skeleton access, easy
jomon needs to escape to the underwater
and acid storm forever
jomon has make dai oni yes
please do not advocate for anyone to cast spells that kill infinity garbage chaffs
shield are for virgins
my name is shieldsmasher58
real men use 2h axe that whack for 40 damage
the limb obliterating axe
obviously dual wield supremacy
im going to make forest trolls and cast quickening and regeneration on them
and make them fight your giants
or quad wield if applicable
they will die in a single powerful strike
quick jsoh, cast a good spell!
ah but if they don't monkee
think of the 2 hp they will get back before dying
he has make a bug
virgin armor and shielded heavy infantry, chad no prot dual wield sacreds
they will get four hp back since they have regen innately and ive cast more regen on them wow i mso good
get this jsoh
they actualy get
five hp back
make bug works better than trolls
due to their astounding 26 hit points
wouldn‚Äôt that be 6 hp
no
well, maybe
sure why not
with 2x regen its 6
the real question is
would 25 hp 20% regen be 5 or 6
5
answer is dead in a single blow
trolls are bad yeah
time 2 cast englard
ah, but what if i cast bark skin on them
then they‚Äôll die in a single blow
don't they have 10 prot already
who fuckin knows
40-10 = 30
not on their head
i killed ai agarthas god by sending 10 forest trolls to bust up the earth elementals he was leading
ya but if it's slashing you get a bonus on stuff that goes thru prot jj
and also bust him up
that too
agartha took good of underworld
they have 12 prot wow!
<@190292302785150976> can you set marv ai in stupidrobot please
7 basic prot
why decrepus
he is a chain staler
wow seems like these guys might just be game changers jsoh
is he
he said "i dont have time to play my turns" and then didnt play his last 2 turns
okay
fair
what is the name of this offender
i love you
"creator of the calender" is a great epithet
ilu please be filial
like i walked 10 footman into his provs and took 2 since he isnt taking turns :getin:
ilu
@ilu you have been accused of chain staling
oh
he‚Äôs not even here?
did i miss "jomon is bad" chat already
he vanished
<@!177843734656974848>
he does that
because yes, they bad
the robot offers all of the information you need
i dont think hes taken a turn in the past week
you cna search the channel, for chats by i love you
to confirm the thing i said
ai him and reset to 50hr
a shameful waste of a spot in an allstar game
discord is vastly powerful wow.
also has anyone seen the player grampybone bc lol
grampy bone is gandalf the purple
who is that
<@97756994454188032>
he is quite a talkative guy around these parts
my jomon plan is make aka-onis
i am not grampy bones
thats <@389252874242359296>
oh
jsoh wtf you idiot
fine whatever
and then maybe take provinces?  it is not a great plan
lmao
who the fuck are you then
never make oni
grampybones is both the worst and the best player i have ever faced in dominions the videogme
he means the guys who are called aka oni but aren't those
aka obi samurai not aka omni
^^
if you deploy aka oni and aka oni in a battle does the battle report count them as the same kind of unit
nah
if yomi got real gold income the strat would be ignore demons, recruit yari bandits, and make a shitton of mages
but they are better than my sacreds which are fit for the dumpster
samurai archers
just having a fuckin longbow is a solution to very many problems
yeah, archers and akas
nah
just archers
is there some upgrade longbows got in dom5
daiymos are decent with their +2 morale to 4 squads
longbows have more range
and also damage boosted by strength
so most everything that uses them does more damage than it used it
has anyone confirmed that archers now dont target the absolute most stupidest shit on the battlefield now
of course not
bc archers would be cool if you didnt need 200+ of them
if there was a guy with a longbow a kimono and a katana jomon would be way better
^
if there was a guy who was just fully nude and only had a longbow even better
it's their dumb fuck armor
the thing about jomon that makes it a terrible nation
9hp tho because he is from eastern pantokratia
basically every nation could be made better by adding a guy with a long bow and nothing else
is that shrimpmen are aquatic only
ya but jomon deserves it
when sharkmen aren't
street sharks should be cap recruitable
and it makes no sense
it should be the other way around
uruk would be actually good im certain
if they had a guy with a long bow
bow ronin and ronin
that didnt have 10 rsources of other garbage
counterpoint
ashdod have a longbow and are not good
he has armor
yeah their longbow is like fifty fuckin resources
armor is bad
someone do hinnom archer spam and re-enact the actual lore of them shooting people with their powerful bows
and lose to three vanhere
and then lose to abyssia
for lore
my proudest achievement in this game
47 fucking resources
worth it... worth it...
haha jomon have 9hp
yeah they are the worst
yes that should be removed
9hp jomon is dumb as hell
hey jsoh
10 or 11 the dudes are supposed to be elite
how close to ghost ship
jbbm v dom 5 will have not having 9hp jomons feature, it's powerful and under development
ive decided, very sadly, to not cast the boat on account of im going to make telkhines insetad
because i own almost the entire coast
oh ok
then ill fill the last two slots
yeah i killed hinnom but am now at a loss on how i can win this theodoros game
sad
cast vengeful waters
your jomon units should vary in hp depending on how much supply you have in the province
there was only one slot i thought
oh
instead of starving jomon units shrink 1hp per turn
sad
someone else already did anger water
i could theoretically cast burden of time
drought! rice crop fails 15% pop loss minus 1 hp forever to units recruited
but that would slow down my rp a lot
because thats nearly 7 ghost philosophers
how about this decrepus: to simulate the dishonour inherent in ravaging imperial lands with war, they start at 12 hp but have xp shapes that steadily reduce it, and their morale
and im running out of guys who i can safely not care if they get horror marked to read books
check this out: what if none of the stats changed but the sprites shifted hue slightly to be more yellow, and then also buck teeth are added in
i see you are a subscriber to /domg/ balance mod which does that but also gives them armour piercing katanas
everyone pick a nation and make a mod for it
so if i understand the throne of creation right, it increases caster level by +1 and reduces gem cost by 20 or 30
20%
but yeah
30% on conj
20% on construction
its fuckin bonkers m8
absum you are monkies in therodos right
throne of creating a war
wait did we really want supidrobot on 48hr timer or did we do that bc someone trolled jonjoe
yes jsoh
it is turn 18
why have you not cultivated the sage province
it‚Äôs turn 48 for only this turn
to make sages
oh ok
because i have no money
bc monkee ate a tide pos
pod
seems like you should have spent money on making sages instead of making naked awe idiots with a shitty bless
nah
<@96715337440952320> don't forget to kill the mammoth
i didnt look at my gold for like 3 turns and then i looked at it this turn and it was two thousand
because i took lots and lots of land
maybe mammoths, if more than one is left
are you at war with anyone
crucial question here
how do you not look at your gold
nope. total peace everywhere
rocky b subbing into the game by destroying the game intentionally is relaly bad i dont like it
i had lots of shit to script alright jonjoe
and i didnt expect ot have gold
because im a popkill nation with hell scales
what nation are you
if there was  a diplomacy victory, i would have already won
in the game im going to play theodoros, which i hosted
ah
jsoh i have a billion yogis or w/e but i cant be arsed to move anything anywhere
therados is a popkill nation?
lol jonjoe
have you never loaded them up
i haven‚Äôt even touched them
uw popkill
sad
they freespawn ghosts
exactly as cancerous as out sounds
and ghost philosophers
and have forge master dorfs in their capital
and also big water nature mages
with awe
let me guess
they never afford mages after year 1
how does therodos fight an enemy who uses water elelemtals
and then in every uw province they get other nature+awe mages
and they also get those in every coastal province
but they also get , forge bonus guys in coastal provinces
coastal forts*
so i get 2 gem lanterns and quils
wtf
fighting someone who uses water elementals would be disasterous
this keeps happening for some reason
but to be honest
how many rp a turn do you have absum
i was planning to attack one of my neighbors sometime soon
ish
<@181529528307417090> hell you can just walk to them with 10g deep one spears eliminating them instantly
tbf deep one spears are bullshit
wtf is deep ones spear
let atlantis have their one good thing ok
in the game i won as therodos i deftly defeated the evil ea atlantis
they are 6 attacks per square decrepus
uuh i was moving everything out of my cap to suicide at yomi but if i put those on research again its 1273
magic spear is the important part
the spear is also a magic spear of ghost slaying
nice i have more rp than u
im great
without them its 665
im gaming .
why does yomi have , luck as its only bless
fleur bleu ....
why does yomi
exist
their strat for the early game was legit "mass dai oni"
and it defeated me because they got lots of fire haver onis due to it
and fire haver onis obliterate ghosts
i dont know why anyone else didnt kill them
ok
the most powerful strategy in the game: never getting punished
well it will be interesting to see who you attacked by the time you get back i guess
agreed. diplomacy
then fleur bleu disappeared with like a thousand gems and four thousand gold
and rocky b agreed to substitite for them
and gave away all of the gems and gold and deleted all of the forts
and just started walking at people
also sloppymilkshake disappeared too
sloppymilkshake vanished off the face of the planet
i hope he is okay
and also since he left sauromatia has been harrying my poor abysians
<@384829121290829824> do got sick after starting up bob's mods. coincidence? i think not
atlantis has been confirmed for living pillar strategem. time to prepare the bug spell
hi i've never played mp games so i accept that i am the worst.
ma agartha gets shard guardians with magic weapons so stygian rain is valid
i'd look into a quickness bless at very least to bolster their shoddy attack/defense
hello friend
you are not the worst
i am by far the worst
yo gimme some opinions on new winter colors
https://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3842007&pagenumber=20&perpage=40#post480786031
is there a swamp in that photo?
only in the "old" shot
swamp hasn't changed, i consider it distinct enough already
ah yeah. i see it now
!details

why would anybody ever buy a living pillar igdi
i think he went regeneration/blood vengeance
which will probably kill all the bugs, but i will just make mroe bugs
!details

hey are any games for thin skinned idiots starting soon
teh
why would they make a game just for me?
so now that me and jotunheim are officially at war, i believe every power in the game is at war?
the end is nigh!!! <:burn:372895357962682380>
the badnations game just started riidi
why was this game not posted on bran wrinkle
turn submitted for the mighty nation of jomon
<@153656281448710145> i like that it really reminds me heroes of might and magic 3 for some reason
probably the mountains
the game wasnt posted to brain wrinkle because i dont want to fucking do the stupid dogshit idiot math to figure out what every person is
brainwrinkle is not useful anymore
whats the monthly forge + monthly ritual spell again
o m
or just click the check box
on the thing
oh
theres a check box
neat
new iteration on grass placement/color
https://i.imgur.com/b2xkvtf.png
on a scale of 1/10 how good is wrath of god
6.9
it depends very much on situation
rip lanka
how much att/def penalty per 20 fatigue?
1, right?
"defensive war against multiple people"
it basically just casts wrathful skies in your favor right?
i just found a province with two mercury ponds
this province is filled with mercury
*all the sages and alchemists come over for a huge party*
should i fort every province i own
y/n
(‚ïØ¬∞‚ñ°¬∞Ôºâ‚ïØÔ∏µ ‚îª‚îÅ‚îª
its ok, it looks like lanka will have a new capitol very soon!
!details

dominions: total war
too many 'm' nations imo
‚î¨‚îÄ‚î¨ „Éé( „Çú-„Çú„Éé)
tables gonna flip u
Âá∏‚î¨‚îÄ‚î¨Âá∏
tfw when someone loses their cap trying to take yours
!details

i need to play a game with people who don't all also play several other games with each other and chat all the time on ventrilo
play with the autistic retreads in here then no one does voice chat
we did once
the night the game launched
ew
i won the game
100% voice chat win rate gamer here
everybody change caps right now!
well damn, i managed to finally kill ermor's pretender
<@170392794706214912> did you take your turn
cuz im switched to unfinished
i have not yet, because i am still at my parents house
tell your mom i said hi
tell your wife and mom i said hi.
jesus.
is the ma arco commnder "mounted commander" just a generic unit
check the inspector
ohmy god its true
its all true
also arco gets half priced labs. im gonna be them in my next game
why
unless you are trying to lose within 2 years in which case carry on
losing owns, its how you maximize your games
just go for imprisoned hellscales and watch as all your neighbours agree to peace in our time
losing owns, its how you maximize your gains
i'm still around
after clowning tien'chi's 300+ man sieging force
learn 2 storm caps bro
if you take arco get finesse
nuclear monkey what are your top 3 nations
like power wise?
just your fav. 3
idk i like dumb bullshit that varies
whatever gimmick i want to do
i want to play ea rlyeh, mekone and bandar log
a win with ea r'leyh is the impossible dream but
for power, ea pan, ma pan and ea van
the androdai
i think it is their only path to victory
fuck to androdai
burden on ~15
would going blood on bandar log and pretending you are lanka have a shot
it is the only way
monkey magic bless
whys there no blood+fire demonic familiar bless
that gives a imp familiar to every sacred commander , for rp bonus
knowledge surge b4 inspire 2 imp familiar
you should be able to get extra bless points by accepting a random negative bless
and if you take luck its less bad
negative bless: u never recruit your sacreds
bam
wild magic bless would be cool
healing weapons, your weapons heal enemies
like s6, selects a random incarnate
any random incarnate
on a per cast of blessing basis
oh this time your guys explode when they die
pity
thats a good bless!
holy shit yeah!
yeah random on each time you bless
oh no now all of your blood mages are blessed and are on fire
today you blow up, tomorrow, quickness
random bless: oh you got...undead regen....
so all of your slaves have died
sounds super good
could even random on a power unit basis
just pure chaos
bless that requires order 3 and 9 fire: all your sacreds make the enemy explode on death
nuclear monkey would you ever play ea r'leyh if you could not cast this burden of time
whos interested in hell nations ea pan ma pan ea van asphodel sceleria ermor lemuria la ryleh hmm i cant tihnk of 4 more
helhams, ?? ??? ???
that would be...wild
is mictlan still a hell nation
that sounds like it would be very unfun very fast
xibalba i guess
nazca fits in with some but not all
la ulm
la ulm can't rush
maybe ma ulm. maybe'
oh is the definition of a hell nation a rush nation
i thought it was a nation that was completely shit to fight against
who knows, new frontiers of science
given the list he's got started, i'd say it's all turbo-bless hellfuckers
oh no
scelaria and lemuria
yeah, la ulm fits then
lemuria is a turbo bless hellfucker
a pan, ma pan, ea van, asphodel, sceleria, ma ermor, lemuria, la ryleh, helheim, xibalba, la ulm, ragha
is ragha still op?
<@184675842432040960> finished my turn fix
now i gotta shiyt
do your turns on the toilet
signs point towards yes
nazca is certainly stronger than sceleria
need a good yutub for caating wrath of god
nazca stronger than la ulm too
i'm ne, o i'm working on it!
is there a la nazca or are they ragha now
quickness is interesting.  does it also allow ranged units to fire twice as fast? 
having a lot of success in other games with ma agartha and minor stat boosts, on a site searching utility pretender
never blind-storm a cap
and try to bring -some- magic when you do it
ea pan, ma pan, ea van, asphodel, nazca, ma ermor, lemuria, la ryleh, helheim, xibalba, ragha, (mictlan? ma ctis? tnn?)
theres no ea or la nazca
iceberg time
https://i.imgur.com/ot3zqbe.png
aka "the sea has acne"
i guess that's 11-14 nations. of which 70-90% are terrifying
at least ocean herpes is visually distinct
i really like the icebergs
i dunno if you can do something like large ice floes or glaciers but that would be neat too
imo now you add some penguins
has anybody actually cast seas of ice in dom5?
penguins also good add üêß
it'd look better with fewer, bigger bergs

no <@233383745779007499> i would not
ea rlyeh is not a functional nation
superbly broken in its inability to actually win a game
https://puu.sh/zcbmv/e9a7e6d8d2.jpg im cummmmmiiinng
it exists to troll unless you are playing with mods
erythreia...bad?
i mean
i ahd a quarter as many mages as he has troops
does it still auto-lose against the other uw nations? or does it stand a chance against atlantis/theodoros
what did the eighty five n1s fo
morale support mostly
they could have sat at home and read books
vine arrow?
ya
varrow can be p. okay
pyth storm pig thorns hell yeah
tbf 85 entangles every other round is p deece
i expected to lsoe that battle
so i cast solar brilliance
!spell vine
<@304750755397500929>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=vine&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
so now most of my mages are blind
whoops
doesn't matter
guess it's just hitting the books and summoning elementals from now on
(why doesn't blind include an rp penalty?)
now herne is 8991 years old
sooth blind eagle eyes vine arrow is still fine
poor herne
i think i want to kil lmy prophet so i can prohpet the terrasque
yes
prophet daughter of python
how much map move does that have btw
what is herne's name?
herne
that doesn't show up in the inspector
lord of the hunt
oh no wait, i typoed
holy fuck, does the tarrasque actually have 5mm? did trillwinter fuck up somehow or is it the inspector?
no that sounds right
thats its dom4 mm
probably not actually
is daughter of python slow as shit
tarrasque has 8 mm
idk
i dont have a single d2
1mm powerful
fucked up
how is that possible
tarrasque will ahve mm 10 once i gift of reason it
still 1mm
ive kind of had to spend most of my gems on not dying for the past 20 turns
i hope herne dies of old age somehow soon so i can cast haunted forest
lol
https://puu.sh/zcc99/4d0a730dcf.jpg
a good game
can he i doubt it if he's thousands of yrs into old
im pretty sure you dont die of old age in battle
and he only exists in battle
he rolls new afflictions every turn
he can rack up enough penalties to finally die in combat, but i think he can;t get afflictions from it
sure yeah
somebody has to fuckin show up who can kill him
if he has disease it should lose up on age
hes just been clowning on chumps in a hyperbolic time chamber
lol
hey who runs treebot in irc
he hasnt had a disease yet
ornedan
jesus christ the victory setting is
18 points to win
out of 26
classic burnt corn muffin
make a game with insane win conditions and then dont play in it
haha
place your bets
the only winning move...
a blind centurion-prophet and 4 blind comitenses
vs a villians event
the could win
prophet smite
i mean
how many villains? less than 20 the legionairres win easily
if i left him in his gear as the guy who beat bogus
he would win for sure
but i want him dead
i dont know i was not in a position to have 1 point of pd in that province when the event fired
so attack close no smite. rip
scout report says about 10
at some point i will thug something to kill the lord of the hunt
are you sure
just so i can claim a shitty thug
hes fucking
over nine thousand years old next turn
such power
screenshot his afflictions
why
they changed every turn
lol
lol what
he doesnt exist except in combat
buggiest fucking thing
so , every turn he shows up, the game notices hse five thousand years older than old age
and gives him some affilction rolls for it
he will never die then
just get older and more fucked up forever
i guess he's probably coded to recver from afflictions so that the global has some teeth to it
but they didn't think about him getting decay'd
hes not getting decayed
he jsut ages 300-500 years a turn
its not unique to that game its a bug that exists for some reason now
lol
herne the ancient.
herne, he who begs for death
i wonder if wishing for herne would be worth it if he just spontaneously recuperates all afflictions. or is it from the global?
certainly he wouldnt act the same if he was a unit that exists on the map
also he would probably leave if anyone cast the wild hunt which would be embarassing
in another game someone had their elemental king die
and when they resummoning him he was way old
resummoned*
wold hunt is weird tho
i confrimed its wild hunt since the furies dont act thusly
apparently no afflictions stock just age
they get a randomly generated age within their age range and stay at that age
but herne and only herne, not his dog friends who i assume are not even the same guy every time
with kings afflictions can stick too. you hwy heal checks
get old as shit forever
is tarrasque unique
or can i have a horde of tarrasques lead by the daughter of typon
nice its not
how many tarrasques you think i need to keep my cap circle clear of fucker idiot fishmans forever
20
thats uhh
doable
how many provs? 6?
like 8
they have 18 mr lmao
tarrasque is not unique
yeah
he's also bad
as is daughter of typhoons
he just sits there and farts a lot until things route
tarassque has dragon gas hey
confirmed good unit
and eats an mr die
or charm spell
18 is p. good for a not-commander. too bad about ai targeting by hp density
well
i dont really have anything else to do in this game
so im going to make as many tarrasques as i can
and have them fart as much as possible
why not worms
the traitorous lemuria player wont give me 40 death gems and a skull staff
i dont have worms
is silt in the game
also im stupid
no
i should certainly worms
rip
idiort
im down to only a thousand rp now
since i lost 35 mages
sad
though i will say that conj9  has several good spells while thaum8 has only 1
compare 9s to 9s plz
the big difference between conj9 and thaum 8 is i have conj9 already
and id ont have thaum 8
tarrasque crew gogo
conj 8 also strong, but not as strong as 9. thaum 9 for meme builds and communions only
https://puu.sh/zcdpx/465c181294.png im so good at diplomancy
greenstone...
what
bogus's armor
hashtag kawaii
if you remove bogus's armor he gets an upgrade to full plate
green stone is trash
he didnt in this case
he got upgraded to a corpse
sad
didn't get to charm
daughter of typhon is not a commander is she
so i will gift of reason her instead of the tarrasque
prophet her and give her precious
adn she will lead thge tarrasque crew
no, for unknowable reasons
sounds strong
name her susan
precious sand whay
some mr i guess
a unique hydra immortal that is a) summoned as a unit not a commander and b) only has two misc slots
shameful
why would a hydra be a commander
gotta think man.
woudl you listen to a hydra
could be noleader
yes
i would listen to a 27 headed asshole probably
but still very shameful that they didn't give her a crown slot
the ultimate management hell
do units hiding in forts not show up in scouting rpeorts?
hiding probably not
any thing else yes
unless they are glamoured
they do not. hide is invisible on strat map
has to have hide order tho. our glamour
or sneak
i just got nailed by a stack of 50 eagle warriors that were not there last turn
did they move from further away
or teleport
theres also the item that makes a army look real small
did they use the bug
the bugs supposed to be fixed
what bug
gossamer cloth, ma mictlan would be able to forge it easily
is it
its ea mictlan, and they dont have any small-making item
fix for multimove out of besieged castle
could have gatewayed in
is in the patch notes
they were not there last turn, and this turn they patrolled out 6 of my guys
oh. move and patrol
what commander?
its an order
i literally asked in this channel if move and patrol did that
and multiple people said no
things on move patrol orders will join in on battles
even if they didnt actually do the patrolling
also, multiple people could just have been wrong
everyone is very stupid
and illwinter changes things without telling people
the vast majority of us are very bad at this game
they definitely did the patrolling, you don't find a black hawk with 15 points of province defense unless you also patrol with 50 eagle warriors
yes. in dom 4 they didn't actually de stealth
but who the hell knows now
if i give my god a shademail will he be able t ohide from horrors
yes
nice
like do dhorrors not assassinate people who are hiding is what i mean
oh
idk
eater of gods will probably find you
well hes got 0 marks rn
i'm gonna say test it
but the party starts soon
and has a tendancy to mark the thing you need to not be marked, and then murder them
tbh, if you just don't ~do~ anything with your god... he won't get marks
oh i guess i cna just twiceborn him if i have the research for it
nope
wrongo
catacylsm marks everything
oh that party
i thought you meant ac
god damn that pisses me off
https://imgur.com/wv1oymw
!details

<@170392794706214912> a bunch of spine horrors sieged xibalba, and now they're wandering off to fuck with kieran lol
horrors ftw
oh btw, neif lost about 60 giants, fomoria is about to suffer just as hard. what the hell is agartha doing
he called one of my forts, sent me a message saying "i surrender, you win" destroyed the lab, and i cant find his army now
i cant push too hard into fomoria because my nap with buff ends with two turns..
!details

babytos
!details

autumn comes, olm settles into the earth.
‚Äúi can‚Äôt believe this place suppresses spiritual power and also has such crushing pressure!‚Äù a brutal gleam appeared in his eyes as he proceeded forward. the spiritual power in the area was locked down tight, and there was also huge pressure.
!list

forg
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/duwuanpvmaamhem.jpg:large
oh no
i forgot to look at epithets
everyone renamed their prophets at least
<@129495827080151040> join a game
<@195254924798328833> join a gams
i've died sorry
if i can join a game so can you
struck down in my nadir by summer
at my nadie
nadir fuck goddamnit
i did one hundred pushups today willus
ea ermor worships the pretender ill bash ur fukin head in m8, sovereign of sin, friend of sailors, god of the foothills
good work my friend
those are areally good
if i can do that you can join a game
lol
salt lick, king of hunting, god of the wild cows
my epithets are fairly fucking win
a male seeking male personal, master of disease, lord of the wildlife
bad god, the most high
look at lil noob samog havimg more than 5 dominion
i think i have 6
i feel like i should have taken more to secure my temperature honestly.
bogarus worships the pretender oprah, but the president, foremost of the westerners
i think you actually prophet a scout and have it preach from stealth in the province you want to fort, for 3 months
did you know pillagers can raid indie provinces with impunity
can you only build a fort in certain temps
ya
ma caelum have ice forts that only work in summer
and melt away their upgrades if it gets warm out
i think optimal yomi play is to only expand to provinces with mountains and raid the rest for gold
!details bad

https://i.imgur.com/1qrmbrj.gif
is the a main order for fire ranged weapon or cast a spell?
jesus fuck almost lost a god to random dead rising from their graves.  that is quite the annoying.  how long does it last?
throne of bones taught my why vanheres are such terrible pd commanders
charge body and instantly dies to self-damage
stay behind troops
a magical event has been forseen! you can find out which branch of magic it will be for a tiny donation of only 2 gems (earth/water/fire/death)

for all those magical rituals i can do on turn 12
whoops i forgot to move that army
it was supposed to go home so i could kill off fish men
sure.  it can be decent if there's a bit of warning to get ready for it
jerek wtf
thanks samog
what is the rebate amount of "the stars are right for " magic school events?  
is it absolute or percentage?
that information would be useful wouldnt it?
ha ha ha
owned
yes, it would be
ga ha ha.
is there only 1 season of thunderbolt fantasy
i watched 4 with my gf (lol) yesterday
jesus
this is my life now
the katana emoji
i am as unsatisfied with my life as any other dominions 5 player fyi
also i have a meme backlog
good and good
i mean, the first one isnt good, but, you know.
as long as i have memes i will be ok         *opens sa meme thread as sees 100 simpson memes in a row*
argh fucking bogus, what an asshole
if i attack bogus and friends with an army with a lot of commanders, are my chances of getting their cool magical gear increased?
i once attacked with one commander and got like, 7 different pieces
so i'm inclined to say no
but who knows
alright, cool
now to figure out how to actually beat him lol
i've found elephants to be a good option
!details
<@177579426849095682>: error: connection refused (os error 111)
rip
a patch dropped
```dominions 5.12
30 january    - johan
this update fixes a problem where battle reports could get mixed up and attach to the wrong message. there are also a few new things like more heroes and random events as well as a bunch of other bug fixes.

general
battles could overwrite previous battles resulting in confusing reports
new heroes (members of the third tier)
new divine epithets
new random events
end turn warning also on expiring mercs and empty research queue
quickness was too quick when attacking
global message for theft of the sun
new prophet proclamation message
more popups
don't show inspirational icon for non-commanders
don't show spell singer icon for non-spellcasters
lower combat speed in swamps
rearmost target more reliable (but still not perfectly reliable)
fields of the dead was only half working
it was possible to target rearmost with hold and fire
fix for text highlighting in commander tokens
small delay before firing missile weapons
improved early movement anticipation for ranged units
innate casters no longer cast spells after battle has ended
far caster blessing works properly now
the last killing poison damage (green numbers) was not show in battle, fixed
fix for load/save with many maps in map editor
unique titles for disciples as well
mekone can cast sow dragon teeth too
event fixes
stat fixes
typos fixed

modding
fix for #divineins```
```
end turn warning also on expiring mercs and empty research queue``` noice
i do sometimes forget my research, especially
```it was possible to target rearmost with hold and fire``` oh hey that was a real thing
rip blink spam
is this a ping naksu situation
i know there are ~rules~ about pinging naksu so i want to check first
stat fixes
why did they make attack rear better again
these people are animals
<@184675842432040960> the worst part is that you know people are going to send him gold and say 'hope this helps with the dispel!!!'
no fix to insanely geriatric herne
no listed fix to prophets being blessed in enemy dominin
has this crashed every server again
yes]
it will when i try to do my turn
also they broke olms
they dont shoot anymore
im going to check this because what would even cause that lmao
they divide by zero when trying to lead shots i bet
yeah itll be something to do ith the new prediction
also the bot shouldn't be completely broken whenever any server is down now
so when a server gets back up you should be able to details and get notifications for it
and turns should show the ones that are up
lmao if someone is trying to break siege with  bunch of olms this turn
:thats_dominions:
uh
just started a game and they work fine?
<@303193134026981389> whatchu talkin about
ya wtf
i will look into that - was trying out ea in singleplayer but that's on hold now that they broke shooting
didn't work for me twice
ok explain the circumstances
in an old pre patch game and also when i just created a new one
well it just worked for me so what's the specific circumstances
new battle was 6 olms at back of field with fire closest
in a cave
ok but like do they have a particularly special bless or anything, what os are you on
what is it against
3rd time - windows, indies, precision reinvig bless, fireclosest, default positioning
olms just sit there but i did see them do life drain in the first attempt when the enemy ran me over
thats weird because i am also on windows and it works honestly completely fine and i have no idea whats up
send the turn save to iw
sure, how do?
i cant see the turn folder
saved games
next to your mod directory
whats the path? ive only got commonredist data maps
that's the wrong directory
%appdata% right
this is you / appdata / roaming / dominions 5 /
or just use the "open user data" option in tools
from ingame
and then savedgames
maybe its the precision bless but you didnt actually bless them right
100 precision
they dont care about bless
why would it be the prec bless
if 100 prec overflows it breaks maybe
they go from 107 accuracy to 114 accuracy
it would always overflow
because 100 precision is on the attack not the unit
ya
what else would it be
replay bug, some weird thing else, who knows
spaghetti code relating to division, replay bug, improper patch, one of a thousand things really
ü§∑
i got owned by the replay bug in mekone game
my god destroyed some stupid giants in the battle
but the report said he died.
fucked up imo
<@303193134026981389> after ac ouple rounds click on a olm and hit v and see wha happens
mine shows a bunch of mind bullet attacks
tfw there was also huge pressure.
rip mugs baloney, starved to death while trapped inside confusing windows app data architecture
au contraire i got a pizza crunch
rip mugs baloney killed by deep fried pizza which i wonder if they still give to kids at school
¬£1.50 for chips plus half deep fried pizza if yur in high school
killing scotland
tired: https://i1.wp.com/www.rowsdowr.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/killing-american-style-poster-600x851.jpg?resize=600%2c851

wired: killing scottish style

http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-i52jip0d-_g/um8ny22vhqi/aaaaaaaaap0/sn3dqri_dog/s1600/a-ldqdscyaeyqqm.jpg
how big is the half a deep fried pizza you get for a pound fifty
p big it like fills a tray
too big
i dont feel very good
i would be fat as shit if i was from scotland
im already prettty fat
https://s3-media4.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/xsc8qxvb4-hwd84btr9l-g/o.jpg a delicacy
that looks fucking dire
imagine two of them stuck together
and then the other half is full of chips
like a 12 inch pizza
gross
worst thing is it wasnt even crunchy
american idea of brit food horror: stargazy pie

actual british food horror: a pizza crunch with the batter going stale on the way home in glaswegian winter
.q add jbrereton rip mugs baloney, starved to death while trapped inside confusing windows app data architecture
.q add nevermore quote added.
i tried again with no bless, fuckers do nothing
press v to check
whats thrillwinters lazy olm hotline
steam discusso boards
whip of decadence  has dominions 5 1 hour ago 
same in ea agartha mind blast do not fire
looks like ole decadence whip is on the case
i tested it and they did for me
which is lol
have you actually patched jbrereton
same
worked for me
im patched
hmm.
i tried with the good ea agartha bless of "reanimators"
windows 7
i think i saw that anime
ü•Å
i'm patched ya
windows 10
i tried on linux and it works
they shoo
are you scripting them
deep fat fry those who insult scottish food
they work for me without scripting
he said they were scripted fire closest or some shit
yep thats it
fire closest makes them not work
for all archers it seems
lmao so the man bug is
after you have thaumaturgy 1 only spellsingers are allowed to cast any spells at all
two nice bugs
why does samogbot ping me multiple times per turn
i feel like it happens very often
works a charm for me
<@190292302785150976> i believe it does so if it gets rebooted/crashes and when it comes back up it still sees an unsubmitted turn
<@255835336083636234> could probably do with a read indicator or something? i've noticed the same issue
does it crash every day
i know about it, i'm not sure what causes it. it is about crashing. yes it crashes every 6 hours or so
a recent example
did you do your turn? it should not message you if you've submitted
hurry up and take your turn idiot
i can't take my turn at work!!
or at 5 am while i'm asleep!!
okay, still crashing every day
it pings me once
and nothing after
even if i wait 12 hours
huh
sounds like you all suck
no fucking idea
let me finish lobbies and i'll look into the crash
everything works perfect for me ur doing great mate
yes if you submit its fine, but multiple pings per turn are semi-standard for me since i tend to take a few hours to do turns if i'm at work
üëç
i've had multiple pings too
having the robot mercilessly troll everyone but me seems like a feature more than a bug
i was about to check how many turns i currently had outstanding then i remembered all the servers are ded lol
all the servers are dead? snek crashes?
nah, patch
<@303193134026981389> the solution is to order fire x , where x is anything but closest
oh is it a quick bug fix?
mostly bug fixes, some notable changes tho
no , its a quick "break everything" patch
also regarding lobbies: how often are game started when the lobby hasn't filled?
started like, in play
<@282646158218756116> isn't that every patch
?
i presume he's asking how often games start with less then their pre-determined max
yes
or started like a server made and people begin uploading
i.e. 12 man game starting with 9
idk not very often
i can either error and stop it starting, or just warn and potentially fuck things up if the game shouldn't have started yet
personally im pretty stubborn about getting a full game
most of the recent games i've seen have started full
how are you going to stop it starting
but i dunno if thats just because post-christmas there are lots of players
the games shiny and new thats probably a big factor
assuming these changes are all real and not a disguised troll by illwinter, this is an extremely pro patch
well, jon joe
they didnt fix the thing where nobody in ma man can cast spells unless they are part of the club
to bad so sad
and they also made fire closest result in archers st anding still until someone gets into melee with them
hahah what
they are trolling us!
but at least now theres a way to have a big pile of guys guard commanders!
probably broke something trying to fix hold & fire rearmost
also the fact that that was actually a thing
hmm i wonder what mixed squads look like
makes me want to test whether the "undisciplined guys being able to guard commander" thing i found actually works or is just ui ambiguity
can you have an entire block of pikes guard one spot forever because of 1 archer
haha
wait is that why my fucking wise man didn't cast flaming arrows
yes
because ma man non-spellsingers literally can't cast
because he couldn't cast at all maybe
fuck _off_
very sad only archers are insntantly permanently paralyzed
<:trillwinter:372894192894214176>
actually wtf
they have absolutely knocked it out the park with their spell singer communion
<@282646158218756116> don't be mean even archers can have performance anxiety
jsoh on the other hand
i'm ai in that game anyway because ermor and indy events too all my lands
that would work for javelins
instead of using the commanion mod from dom 4
once my pale ones who were sharing a squad with olms got into melee
the olms charged
sickkkk
no jon joe
they dont fire
oh
they stand there until something gets into melee
and then they punch
oh
finally a way to do reactive white centaur strikes
does pan have any unit that doesnt have a ranged weapon and also isnt undsiciplined
centaur cataphracts
ea
?
sec
harpies maybe
i think one of their centaur units maybe
nah the boys have long bows girls have short bows
minotaurs i guess
centaur warrior jsoh
really i thought he has a longbow
there's centaurs and centaur warriors
ah
also satyr warriors in ea no?
maybe
not really important
idk i think i would be looking for the slowest thing
so the enemy would be a bit tired out + used its lances etc.
yeah so you recruit a single militia a turn
and the militia dies and is replaced from whatever is the new province version of militia
indie heavy inf in double line to be very slow
is there really a big problem with having white centaurs get into combat too early
this offers perfect defense against flying based rear attacks i guess
at least johan is asking questions in the bug report thread for 5.12 so he knows some shits broke and hopefully will fix it quickly :illwinter:
fuck you discord
<:trillwinter:372894192894214176>
whys it trillwinter and not illwinter i feel attacked
jsoh you literally own the discord
fix it if it bothers you lmao
while you're at it tick back on external emoji thx
jsoh no i am mainly being fatuous
the emoji are under samogs sway
i have no power here
which samog
there are 3 samogs
botsamog, oldsamog and ghostsamog
<@!399327311427665931>
thats botsamog
oldbotsamog, actually
yeah
its dead
rip
theres also <@&372528101076500482> the role but i dont think you guys are allowed to use that
<@&372528101076500482>
yeah i can
messed up
i half wonder if you remembered to remove `@everyone` from randoms but i daren't test it
its off by default i think
after some crimes done by other anime posters i think it was turned off
really ?
i dont rmember anything
it's on by default
its so good that icannot search the audit log for things ive done
only, anyone else
owner is above reprieve
when it was an embryonic kaaba channel we worked out how to do this
also shame on other anime posters for using @e for that
i sincerely believe this neve rhappened and j breretons brain is malfunctioning from all of the deep fried pizza molecules
it's fine, northeners have an attained immunity
they train themselves on deep fried mars bars
i cant find any @ everyone
unlike the deep fried mars bar, the pizza crunch is intensely real and not for tourists
and the only animes are me and conot afaik???
maybe fleur counts
jonjoe counts
even if he denies it
cryle, fleur, there animes
cryle is a homestuck
cryle is a webcomic
it doesn't count
thats an anime
same for demiurge
ok i found it
i turned off @ everyone for everyone on december 17
an auspicious date
wait thats not true i think
i cant read dates
.q add jsoh i cant read dates
probably the 12th of quincember m8
nope it was the 17th of december , 17
but yes it was on and we turned it off
figured it would have happened earlier
but i guess there wasnt really anyone here before release
oh
samog @everyone for blitz tag
uh
did you turn it back on
that didn't ping
no
it's fine
ok
and then some bozo @everyone to say he wanted the tag
you can tell it doesn't ping because it won't highlight even if you're the sender
it's good for that not to work
i think its disabled for the role "everyone" and not all of the ones created before it was disabled for everyone
so what you're saying is that crimsonwolf could @everyone
.q add conot does @everyone work if the bot does it
awww
no thats not how it works
anyone can @ blitz
or @ 2001
right, pinging is
nobody can @ everyone except probably me
<@&389927677416701952>  hey im an idiot whose pinging this
i want to say an inviolable rig- wow
<@&389931813528797184> sup
did that work
it highlighted ya
i dunno i'm not a mall cop
!help
<@160127200803160064>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
!register @everyone test
<@160127200803160064>: error: could not find the game
!list

!register @everyone dumblobby
<@160127200803160064>: error: could not find nation
you are... so bad at this lmao
awww
please stop flailing around trying to troll people with the robots
sorry i do qa testing irl, its part of my soul to try and break things
theres not relaly any reason for the robot to allow characters like @ in game names or anything
```
jsoh - today at 15:16
please stop flailing around trying to troll people with the robots```
but how will we continue
the epic ak tell tradition
hmm, what happens if ia make a channel that no one but me can type in that only conot can see and ping  @ everyone in it every thirty seconds
black mirror season 4 lookin good
i saw the edit
rekt idiot
dang
<@282646158218756116> pings only ping for people who can read a channel
yeah thats why i said "only conot can see"
i.e. if you had a mall cop channel only for mall cops and pinged everyone it would just ping them
you can be allowed to read a channel without being allowed to type in a channel
also the actual answer is i'd supress @everyones lol
supress yourself
<@120675876043096066>  submit you are turn you are retarde
games patched so presumably the servers are broke
oh nice
another patch
two in a day baby
n i ce
i should test that bodyguard thing and see if i can get 3 patches in a day
oh cool
automatic inside dominions delete doesn't take away winter map images
lmao
what
go to your maps folder
ooh deleting a map
is there a winter map image for every test game ive ever made
probably yeah
ok turn 3 herne is 752 years old
herneia more like
turn 6 herne is 1500
g fucking g illwinter
do you think its somehow possible that herne aging hundreds of years a turn is working as designed and thats why they have ignored me in the last 6 bug threads
the thing he actually hunts
is his pension
they fixed many other bugs i reported
https://twitter.com/mckayfelt/status/958096190087708672
<@96715337440952320> guess which beta tester wrote this "boudas are surprisingly decent thugs too, if you don't feel like skelly spam. they are a bit low on hp but that is fixable."
max wilson
wow ur so smart
but i could believe a number of sources
is that him?
yeah
someones asking how to use boudas and people are like "yeah you sneak them around and cast earth power> horde of skeeltons
and he kramers in saying what if you give them a brand
once they cast stoneskin they are practically invincible
i'm going to be amused if this undisciplined bg thing actually works because presumably being able to bg commanders is one of the weaknesses to nations with lots of undisciplined dudes
hows it work
i can test
looks to me like it doesnt work
i set 1 rus spear guy whos not undiscipled to guard commander
filled out his squad with rusian hunters who are
and set the commander to attack
the hunters moved into range and started using their ranged weapons while the spear guy and the commander charged into melee
i cant be fucked to test for assassins
<@282646158218756116> 
create a bg squad with normal dude, insert 4 undisciplined guys, remove normal dude, insert last undisciplined, don't touch other orders (moving units is fine)
yeah they are not actualy bodyguards
at least not in combat
ah well
they act exactly as undisciplned
what if you command the commander to hold
maybe for assassin fights
do the troops hold
the assassin side is still semi-interesting but a bitch to test yeah
though i think jomon la likes to spam ninja assassins
does any nation get both assassins and spies
they act just like you would expect undisciplined dudes to act jon joe
la man jj
although they have to summon the assassins
troubadors are effectively spy assassins
also la mari i think
not true jsoh dominions has lile
like
barely any female commanders
yeah do you know what happens
when you try to seduce someone who doesnt wanna bang
oh does that work on men too?
i didn‚Äôt know that
lol
it works on anything
seducers are basically assassins without patience
so impatient to bang
also even when you have a female seducer
there are a shit ton of things that do not want to bang!!
like niefel giants who do not care for puny humans
another good feature: you can make sure 99% of things are not dtf by wearing a bear claw
is there actually size restrictions on seduction
i know you cant flying seduce someone whos too big
i dunno but i know everytime i've tried seducing anything vaguely non human its gone "they weren't even interested yooo"
seduction is strictly better than assassination in every way which is a nice moral
you can definitely go at least 1 size higher because that's how you get incas as pan
it would make sense honestly for niefel giants to be asexual
which given the font of mythology that dominion draws from is fucked up
they were born from calving glaciers
the glacexuality meme
mate have u ever seen a niefel giants dick? i havent.
icened male at birth
good news everyone my olms are shooting again]
olm no
looks like there was an update
[8:00 am] jsoh: whys it trillwinter and not illwinter i feel attacked
i made it that way
i can change it back though
olms suck
why did you get owned by them then
no i used them and got ownde
idiote
here your own meme https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/422565895519078419/f162de3428b465b98e369182a2e57b23658f7448/
*is destroyed instantly*
i approve of onis
2, in fact
naksu hasn't update snek yet so no point worrying about it
can man cast spells again
a man is entitled to his own spells, yes
or did they just fix olms
they said they fixed man
and olms
it wasnt olms btw
it was the fire closest order for any unit with a ranged weapon
herne is still 8000 years old right
yeah
v good
whom've is herne
the lord of the hunt
when you cast the wild hunt in dominions five he gets around 300 years older every turn
lol
it's good
what would even cause that
time dilation
dog years.
holy shit
mu is a genius
no
how can you look upon any of this man's works and call him a genious and not a psychopath
clowns.dm
<@173950598138298368> 2 patches today looks like everything has died
(intelligently) whomstdve.
.q add mu (intelligently) whomstdve.
.q add jsoh mu is a genius
the general idea of the quote robot is you add funny things to the quote robot
.q conot
but with this group the bot would never get anything added then
my quotes are fucked up from when i was testing if boing escaped user input
please import irc quotes
i think boing is working on it
walgreets quotes at the very least please
is anyone else getting constant crashing? any time i try running a battle it crashes
the nagot gick fell thing says:
myloadmalloc cant open
and then my dominions5 map directory
not i
ty naksu
twf militia, light infantry and heavy cavalry turns out to be 3 mounted commanders and their posse
try now, sorry
was having dinner
<@68614451045076992>  restart ur games binch
is mekone dead?
!details

which battle?
so i had a werewolf with a shroud and frost brand, and a scout in a province. the scout picked up the frost brand, and then the werewolf transformed into a sneaky wolf who cannot wear shirts.
the shroud seems to be just ....gone
do i basically have to reset my turn's actions to get it back? shit
‚ò∫
hey <@190292302785150976>  and <@170661706421370880>  do your turns please it's been like 2 full days now
chop chop
you do!
have fun
did you fix the server
jerek please
okay i‚Äôll do it when i‚Äôm home
cursed things generally dont get picked up in this way
yes bug squash
sorry was asleep and / or busy until right now decreppo
on it though
are the servers unfucked?
its patched
cool
does this patch do a single thing that is interesting
solution: someone make a new game so i can play
i used to be good enough to survive until the lategame back in the dom3 days
mu 5.12 included "stat changes", so maybe
did someone sub for iloveu in stupidrobot?
it looks like he took his turn
multiple
both the one where you murked 200 hatuc ranas
and then also a small skirmish
oh okay someone set him ai nice
thanku friend
!details
<@113044892225175552>: error: connection refused (os error 111)
<@255835336083636234> shroud is now cursed not salvageable
micro targeted as fuck
!details

oh did someone set him ai
real embarrassing because that wasn‚Äôt me
it might ahve been him
!details

heres a cool cost-saving tip for ea ermor: give every single one of your theurgs and arch theurgs shrouds, to make them sacred, thus reducing their upkeep.
better: cast life after death and kill alal of them, making them soulless who dont have brains or require a paycheque
so this is infinite value.. heh.. not bad
i do not care enough about one shroud to reset my turn 72
ea machaka: take half-dead and give all your spider spies bane venom charms
at 7 death per aids commander, its a steal!
i too crash viewing that battle
they made half dead be only 80% disease resist instead of 100 so its completely worthless dogshit
bvc still wont disease you immediately
its like playing xcom, 20% is 0%.
oh also machaka has disease healers so you can pass the torch w two monkey tribe scouts too i guess
can dom spread chance from preaching exceed 100%
like a prophet preaching at a temple gets 1 temple check and half a temple check for being level 4.5
bvc diseases you immediately
wehen you put it on
it does
it diseases anything that puts it on
its like losing an eye when you put on an eye
or chest wound for a heart

lol boing
hell yeah
i cant remember who it was but that was the golem fight game
(chalmers voice) why is there smoke coming out of your army seymour
golems are mindless s othey cant get into magic duels right
much like your posting.
that doesnt even make sense
although i cant get into magic duels, because it is clearly p2w
lol
has anyone ever used inner sun
is it a big explosion or a lil explosion
and can it kill a vampire
its pretty big i think
i mean for 1 fire gem i could cast it on every single theurg and arch theurg
so if the vampire did, idk, whatever vampires do, they explode onto him. good right?
i dont think a theurg is likely to melee a vampire
cast flight on your theurg
doesnt the vampire fly
vampires are wizards
they do wizardy things
and dont punch
what
thats not very vampirish
i thought they were thugs
<@170392794706214912> i need lots of nature gem now and i will pay you later please cede to my demands
i'll sell them for 60 gold a gem
i will do 25
!details

ma man went ai??
you've had mother oak going for like 2 years, you have plenty of nature gems
2 destroyed by non casting
interesting assumption
i certainly have plenty of nature gems' worth of stuff
does shroud really reduce upkeep
you've convinced me though. 55 gold per gem
nobody fucking pays 55 gold per gem lmao
nobody pays 100 gems for someone to invade an unguarded border but that was cryle s offer to me
fair is fair
someone was like "you probably ave lots of nature gems" to me , in the game where i have been at war for 30 turns
because i have moa
k
and 3 other nature globals
that looks like a guy whos been saving
a moaking accident
riidi every gem you send me is going into lars production which is going into elfing mictlan
if you had sent me the massive gem request i made last year, he would be gone now, and there would be no vampires.
imo i should have cast eyes of god first
(a)lways (b)e (c)asting (d)eog
cowards
i will never ai
!turns
not yet
well cryle every pound of gold you send me will go to elfing him and fomoria
your move creep
never seen such a decrepid log on the donair cam.
<:unhealth:373227653567610880>
t
might see a new log. great stuff.
a maimed donner
riidi if you become the zerg to my protoss you know what happens? the terrans win
i'm perfectly willing to trade or sell you gems but it has to be for a fair price my friend
ok how about this
you like fire brands right?
you love em.
i got em
ill be your thug kitchen, and cook you up some dryads
hmmm no
that wont get embarrassingly massacred due to lack of understanding of game mechanics
are you trying to sell brands to pan lol
man idk what this guy wants
hes inscrutable
i want gold
pan has its own brand identity
called "making a lot of bug"
his motives remain unknown
i lost five dryads because people on here lied about move ‚Äì patrol. it doesn't surprise me that buffwood crow about it as if it were a major defeat but it does surprise me that you are pretending it is
hes starting to move guys to the border
riidi what specifically do you think we lied about wrt move patrol
it wasnt a lie, its people in this channel are kind of idiots
the moving army definitely contributed to his patrol strength
move patrol definitely does not do destealth
it definitely did. he had no troops, and then a stack of 50 eagles patrolling me out
it's very possible you got unlucky but move and patrol is just move and defend province rather than castle
also as an anti seduce measure i think he is making and thugging civatateos
civitato
he tried to elf me with his first one and rammed it right into solar rays :cawg:
honestly that he hasnt beat you yet is pretty damning
!details

it was also a really weird coincidence that 3 players attacked me right on the same turn he asked me for a 2nd nap very strange
yeah well i wasn't the one who fell over myseld to nap him cryle!!
oh yeah i fell over myself to take gems from a guy im not planning to attack anyways
20 gems is a lot of gems!! for nothing!!
he's been in your 2-ring with a good unique site all game
where's your aggression
xibalba, vigil of the sun    eliminated
https://i.imgur.com/2dm3yxb.png
and this turn:
i can only attack so many things at once!!
anyways next turn i can probably spare you 1k gold
ill do 30g per nature gem
the no mekone game
the objective of the game is ot make mekone go away, then everyone else is the winner
donair update: still no remount
just received my yearly profits from the steam workshop, boys: a big ¬£74.99.
drinks are on me.
pretty brutal meat slab, imo,
clowns.dm dota skin pack pays off again
on reflection, the dota hero "tusk" is the one best suited for a clown skin - ice shards could form a big top, the snowball could be a clown car, and his totem could easily become a distracting trapeze
the clown hero has to be a 1 position
it's mirana and her mount becomes a unicycle and her sacred arrow becomes a pie.
i just had adota game where the enemy queen of pain died in lane 13 times
and my tinker , laning against her, got 18 minute boot of travel
lmao
did he at least have a dagon 10 at this point
i was like "well this jug im laning against is free farming but tinkers huge so nbd"
no he had null talisman bottle
lol
mu what does starfall turn into
confetti
pub tinkers don't do anything though even with a 50k gold lead.
dem updates
he was farming
unstacked jungle camps
with level 2 march
for 5 minutes
üëå
good way to clear 4 camps in total over 5 minutes
ancient gaming
does tinker ult refresh nullifier
ya
i think that may be a quite powerful combo w/infinite farm
only stuff it doesnt is mek arcanes linkins refresher orb and meteor hammer i think
also necro midas a few other things
oh yeah
where is the nullifier blink bot treble divine pro replay
the big play is blink shadow blade 3 rapier + the dumb invulnerability item on monkey king
since his statues things still do full damage while hes not allowed to do damage
lmao
and immune to damage
how the fuck do you two even play both dominions and dota
aeon disk wins again
it takes a certain level of intel of gents
if they dust u to find you in shadow blade just get hit
very carefully absum
jsoh probably does it because its winter and the oil pipes are frozen or w/e
honestly i sometimes do dominions turns while farming in dota
waht
ok i def cant do that
shift a click 3 camps
set my research and order some moves or whatever
easy
set my research and buy mages - this is my last resort
this is also how im in like 5-8 dominions games and it doesnt bother me: i only pay attention to stuff if its funny
probably a bad thing but , it took me 3 turns of my god burning 10 gems to summon earth elementals after a battle vs a single scout ended for me to notice what was going on
set research and buy mages
review the turn report
see i did it better
i need turns
maybe if you were better at lyrics you would get the
m
never attack with armies
that's too easy though.
just wait and unrest events will drown them
donair update: log still tawdry
:fans self:
armies suck
attack with good thoughts
how or why nazca is still alive is not meant for us mortals to understand
because i was busy and now it has metastatised and will have to be dealt with properly
thoughts and prayers
no that's what you send to allies
is wishing for armageddon a thought or a prayer
!details

didnt mekone win the arena fight
nah i did
both
welp didn't notice how huge tc has gotten
who are you
famous "never registers his nation" man oh right
tc is about 50% of the world
and by tc i mean tnn
who wants a photograph of the world
actually wow look at that therodos #1 army
leak all the stats
process of elimination is a hell of a drug
also the pinned message
i did a while ago
i hope nobody invested in lanka
i refuse to look or think
server reset
!details

why so many fucking ai
reset
!details

guess it doesnt really matter tho
oh no who is caelum i cant tell because they didnt register
i am helpless to offer this olive branch of friendship
its a wish
actually
thank god there's no way to check this shit
or else you would stop me from destroying caelum
wtf
i played this turn
a long ass time ago
i guess i never submitted
but doctor.. i am caelum
no better position to destroy than from within
ill never get tired of seeing things like "stat fixes" in changelogs
okay this has got to fucking stop
i've forgotten pd in my provinces for like
the past infinity turns
doesnt matter what game
this province had twice as many hill wizards as i was expecting.
whats the gold bonus per admin?
1%?
2%?
what
its the amount of admin
admin is what money and res you draw as a percentage
from the neighbouring provinces
i dont think money is a 'from surroundings' calc
i believe it is some insanely lame thing like 1/2 the admin value over 100 as flat gold
that doesnt sound right either, depending on what you mean by over 100
modified income = (population / 100) * (dominion scale modifiers) * (1 +
fort administration / 200).
hmm it's more important than i thought to income
thats the same as population * domscalemode * (1+fort admin)/2000 which is...
well its a really tiny number
unless they mean like
thats the bonus gold calc
that gets added onto the base gold calc
ya modified income is about on top of base gold
base gold = pop / 100
modified = all the other stuff
so 20 admin is like a 10% bonus, 70 is 35%, which is quite a big deal on big provs
2000*
not 2000
20000*
wow i cant type 0s
who the heck gets 70 admin forts
the best city forts are like 70
a lot have 60 in la
giants get 45 admin at the cost of 1500 gold over 10 turns
rip
if they're mekone they get insanely good admin forts
however the nation is absolutely irredemable shit so there we go
it takes a giant fort
66.6 turns to pay itself off
lmao
assuming 100 gold prov
bad nations game indies giving me some pause here
'you like cav right'
'and cataphracts'
ramc how about being surrounded by
'and' :squints: 'statutes with stone monstras'
3 barbarians
in wastes
as ea abyssia
barbarians are so balls nasty now
mekone had unrest generating forts
i nearly lost a regenerating bull in its own candles to fucking barbarian indies in testing
they suck for income even with admin
'what is this bullshit'
like it was a near thing
barbs are legit
remember in dom3
barbarians hit like trucks
when barbs had berserking
new galaxy brain plan:
good times
2h damage bonus is real
recruit only barbarians
whats the 2h damage bonus
additional str multiplier
how much
.5?
.2?
1.0?
how so
jbrereton - yesterday at 6:45 am
arcane finesse + withering weapons = enemy sacreds with mr under about 20 get crushed to a comical degree
according to a really beefy giant its 1.2272
total
so .2272 bonus
probably actually like .25 though
*stacks 4 strength bonus on a jaguar*
now its a 5 strength bonus
v. powerful
<@!205774730244915202> is living up to his epiphet


all hat no cattle
wow already
whaaaat mictlan is ai too
jsoh wtf
this game is approp named
warcrimes needs restarting
good battle to watch
cant believe the demon army lost to the guys whomst've's research mages are priests, and also, automatically summon more priests.
<@275205678010859520>
k
@ridley wheres the turn!
server's restarted. should be good to go now
<@282646158218756116> did yr mictlan get owned by anime somehow?
yes
was it shortbows?
it was five points of fire resist being fifteen points of fire resist
??
if a demon has 5 fire resist, it counts as 15 fire resist for solar weapons
my bless sucks
and isnt good enough to win a fight without the solar weapons
but solar weapons do minus six damage
but also shortbows
and also i cant be fucked to play a blood guy honestly
can an earth snake be a disciple
ye
dom3-4 are leader
2-1 disciple
!details

after ten thousand years im fre
e
someone host a disciple game
i will not
i am strongly considering going ai after getting hill wizarded
what turn
3 i think
a powerful ai
also after jsoh revealed my entire game plan in chat
someone host a disciples game
not, like, tonight, since i have to go to bed now, but
also <@184675842432040960> how many hours are left in the turn. i need to knoe when i have to carve out time by
a disciples game, but people are only allowed to team up with their wife
my wife does not play dominions five
and samog is not your legal wife
force her imo
borat
i could probably teach her to play but she would not enjoy it
i believe you can convince your wife to play one game
she is more of a sims and words with friends kind of player
and so could kong ming, and riidi, and uhhh
i have played torchlight coop with her
she made me play sims for a bit and i made a macabre haunted house with a field of graves
doesnt your wife want to be famous on you tube
.25 i thought
no
guys
i lost this game already i am the worst
i don't even care look at this screenshot
https://imgur.com/a/bekk4
i have humiliated myself and am considering going ai at turn 2
<@120675876043096066> is there a reason you keep partialing
you guys want to see the most embarassing gosh darn thing in the world
yeah
i always look at my turn as soon as it turns over
but do not always have time to do it
am i last again?
https://imgur.com/a/bekk4
oh wow
go ai
oooh
yeah
picking a carp is very embarssing yes
i hit r a couple times and it seemed promising
<@170392794706214912> 17 hours
celestial crap amirite
nice
you are doing worse than me
why did you take your troops with bows and katana into the sea
why would you even try to expand with a carp
he has water breathing gift
i assume that was the play
foiled by jomons being jomon
not anyomre
alas
my tears will flood the world
should not have made aka oni samurai
in ocean slash is -length attack
shoulda just made more ashigaru
that is good information i did not have
i should've taken horses down there
lol
just for comedy
its prominently displayed in, uhh
jomon horses are super bad
the manual i guess.
its prominently displayed in a random tip probably and no where else
assuming even there
i did better in my ea r'leyh game
cool so i can take it tomorrow morning
you didnt have a carp i nyour ea ryleh game
worse i had a mind lord
but at least he lived more than 2 turns
its really hard to kill a mind lord you suck
your words are as cruel as they are accurate
who is lemurs in capitalism?
why do you refuse to register ganjdalf the purple
death to all bots
butlerian jihad did nothing wrong
the bot is good. the individual game channel is evil
iod
woah
hot take
go forth, and kill
genernal chat is hella dumb to read when people are talking about 3 different games at each other
its "win"
<@170392794706214912> did i say 17 hours i meant 17 minutes
what is this crap
<@282646158218756116>
what
whys there a channel for this game.
jesus.
because someone made some idiot a mall cop and he makes one for every fuckin game
q to class: can you receive an affliction from any damage, or just being slashed and poked and stuff
if you did then i already staled so nbd
who will save us from the tyranny of the mall cops.
well, he attacked my cap with his forge lord solo, it ded
????
he didnt do that on purpose
his forge lord was lost in the void for over a year
when you get out of the void you kind of just end up wherever you end up
oh i see
well, i killed one god this game, anyway
its actually extemely not win and stupid
and im saying that as someone who does it with 1 person, the two of us being the only people who are in that particular game
and i post pictures sometimes
i seduced a mind lord and brought it to land where it drowned
fravishi? more like qqvashi
<@170392794706214912> pleas efind it in ur heart to finish ur turn. dont let the triangle become the treality
https://i.imgur.com/yvjuwui.png
well.
you are wrong
herne is now 9366
https://puu.sh/zdouy/a46ab82d1d.jpg
man theres ap rovince with a mage recruit and 3 gems that got stolen by enchanted forest and these lazy pricks didnt put a lab on it so i dont get the gems
cranked
rude
!status
who is <@170661706421370880> playing as, anyways?
i claimed a throne using a hitmen for destiny reference
off to bed
would anyone be down for a game on the pankor system
7.1
water nation start now has 3+ capring, guaranteed.
how the fucks libluini ask for a pause and lord sloth hasnt submitted for 2 days
its in his nature
i need turns badly
i need turns so badly i joined other dom5 discords and they're all weird. one is just people roleplaying as exotic fruit
turn boy wants cash turns
!turns
the turns are gone
maybe never to return
i think jsoh was upset by solar weapons having some resistance issues and foresaw that i would be stepping on him soon
sorry about the late turn, got hit by a car yesterday and was less concerned about afflictions in game
how the fuck did my pretender get zero kills vs hordes of monkey chaff
too busy singin.
[5:24 pm] cryle: i need turns so badly i joined other dom5 discords and they're all weird. one is just people roleplaying as exotic fruit
thats this one
but we're erping as exotic fruit instead
i'm in as durian
this is not going well
i didn't realise how important it was to distribute gems to my mages in the field
now they're all far away from a lab
you must have high prot and hit points
so unoriginal
!details

!details

is mace of eruption the new fire brand
and sadly no paths, the only thing i actually care about
[06:28] samog: turn boy wants cash turns
still laughing at this.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/du3hztjwaaa-d3k.jpg:large
hello friendly water neighbour
well, goongratulations on surviving
thanks :toot:
cryle yes
wrt affliction damage
turns out having 10 h2 priests charge your cap works?
but yea: leak maps, leak graphs
info must be free
literal cabinet leaks, yes
its very good
.tag conot recuperation bless
never playing a nation without a recruitable h3 mage ever again
my pretender feebleminding himself and my bishopfish being trapped underwater thanks to ice seas has fucked me so hard
literally at 10/11 throne point with forces on 2 more thrones right now i'm the newbie game
lol
time for the construction 8 holy boosters
i had a good early and mid game, but damn am i doing nothing in the late game. i should have dozens of plague casting mages
!details

is there a chance for hidden underneath to not create a mage?  
i got everything else but i can't find the mage i was expecting
yes
the hidden stuff is all chancey
cool, thanks
fuck you i'm a dragonfruit
that's the point of erp fruit
im gonna do it
im gonna start a pankor system game
whats the best age
ma
i was just thinking about starting a game
wanna try out samogbot's lobbies?
what is pankor system
its a map my friend made based on dawn of war: soulstorms campaign map
lobby command is " !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]"
i'm not expecting it to 100% work right first time
https://i.imgur.com/krjinmb.jpg
here is the map
!lobby ma 20 bad-boys-of-pankor
<@184675842432040960>: creating game lobby with name bad-boys-of-pankor
it just made a channel called "bad"
that map is bad so fititng
!list

!register asph bad-boys-of-pankor
<@255835336083636234>: registering ma asphodel for <@255835336083636234>
!details bad-boys-of-pankor

um that is now 12 slots lmao
oh it's 20 and intended
20, jeez
so when it fills up do i still need to set up hosting
cryle does this come with a 20 faction warhammer 40k pack
or whats the heal
it can but i choose not to use it
cryle - make a game on snek as normal
i'll take care of making samogbot aware of the address and give turns etc
gonadic io can there also be a all ages setting
eventually yes
!register nazca bad-boys-of-pankor
<@185694323407454218>: registering ma nazca for <@185694323407454218>
yes
k
ermor banned? pan?
please as a gentlemens agreement: ermor and asphodel banned
ah okay, sure
actually is asphodel banworthy
i'm 90% sure nazca is bad but everyone is gaslighting me
their popkill is like .10 or something right?
i'm planning to pick g2 or 3 too if that helps
yeah sure you can be asphodel thats fine
im in a game with fucking ermor right now so how bad can it be
or i could be c'tis
i just wanna be a popkill nation
never done one before
ok
ermor banned, anyone else okay
admins <@282646158218756116> please make a channel called bad-boys-of-pankor so i don't have to type that out every fucking time
woot
yeah there will be samogbot lobby bugs
but just ping me and i'll fix them asap
is ctis domkill?
possibly not, i'm bad and new
ctis is not domkill
unless you're not ctis
they dom disease, which is an absolute pain
ctis is dom increase money and poison things
everyone not cold-blooded
its dominion is, much too strong imo
probably best non-broken ma nation
it's up there with ulm for sure
nazca is insanely not bad
also fuck i don't want a channel for every fucking game i hate you all
make a alias for your game that isn't shit
no way they're great. mute all games you're not in
hide muted channels
boom
you can do that??
ive muted every single game channel actually
i think current ma is like
-> ermor
-> pan

-> nazca/ulm/ctis
right click the discord server icon (the gem for this one)
pangaea is allowed but we have a gentlemens agreement to turbofuck them asap
pangaea should be banned
the bad nations game is called "new bad nations"
the robot knows it as "bad"
how bout we just politely agree to let a retard idiot newbie play pangaea for balance reasons
no
alias away your awful naming choice
cryle you cannot turbo fuck someone in dominions really
again: ive been fighting 5-6 nations, with the first war starting on turn 8
in the game where im nazca
2 of those i was fighting are dead
and it took like 30 turns to lose something that mattered
and im not even playing well
idk dude ive eliminated someone in  two years in half the games ive played
<@255835336083636234> please ping the mall cops to make some garbage channel for you
ok? pan is not going to lose to someone in two years
<@&389931813528797184> please make a bad-boys-of-pankor channel
i hate it and dont want to and also im nude and in bed
same
it's called pankor
link it
just name the channel pankor
fine i'll change the alias to pankor
why are game channels still not banned
i'm theo
because they 1) make interacting with the bot easier, and 2) keep spam out of the main thread
they're great
they serve the semi useful service of not pinging the normal chat with main thread
just mute any hide any games you're not in
how do you hide muted channels
right click on the ruby
is atlantis ai or is corbeau still playing?  brainwrinkle says ai: the bot says he's not ai.
!details

i just want to know if i'm about to be rolled by the ai or by a person.
@jsoh ok how do i turbo fuck as nazca?
have high air on your pretender
thunder weapons quicknes has been nerfed a bunch because its fucking broken
but it's still very good
a pretender that has thunder weapons quickness bless can make 20 condors which are sacred a turn
ez
and you kill the first person you see, almost universally
if anyone has a bless big enough that their sacreds can fight yours they certainly will not have a hundred sacreds by the end of year 1
try to buy air gems but that probably wont work lol
i played very poorly and should have killed 2 people much faster
the big weakness you have is condor have 8 mr so giants with more hp and bv will kill them maybe kind of
all of those ma giants?
ok u have con vin ced me
by the way i vastly prefer for the main chat channel to be an unending river of garbage
no pangaya
squash theres some giants in ma on nations that want blood for sure
then once nazca is out of the early game phase where if you play well you have twice as much income as anyone else even through 9 negative scales you have the most powerful recruitable mages in the game
<@184675842432040960> you can actually right click any blank spot in the right bar to get to the option too
i did it
congrats
now you no longer have to read dead channels like <#380121471298568202>
w t f
donair cam owns
ill keep donair cam ty
if u mute donair cam you should probably not mention it
pelagia went ai
sign of mental deviance
purge this anime idiot who does not appreciate donair cam
ok, i will set out as turbo rush nazca
!details

it's clear that people with anime avatars have superior opinions imo
the bot doesn't lie friend.
its true
also brainwrinkle is inherently a mess to read
as an aside condors are the most efficient patroller and sieger that exist in the game as far as i can tell
as well as being murder machines
imagine if pale riders was conj 3 and also gave you a good unit
a sacred unit
that flies
pale riders gives you a good unit
and is also the most stealthy unit that exists with a huge patrol bonus and siege bonus
it's called a long dead horseman, and they're quite useful
more like short lived horseman, ha ha ha ha ha
ya i think condors are taking a nerf brick in jbbm v5
in terms of numbers summoned at the absolute least
a pale riders focused pretender can make  44 a turn or some shit
arent they like 9++ or something
which is enough to fuck people up
also i'm mildly amused that <@306995014578470916> went from killing his own pg with cold aura and having his cap sieged to back to functional status purely by merit of people going ai like idiots
10++
for 9 gems
ya you can get like 50 longdead horse in one cast or, powerfully, 50 in two casts by like 2 liches who just got made a lich
if it was 6 for 9 gems i think it would still be a useful spell that was maybe both underpriced and too fast to get to
what is the quickness change?
sick got a javascript error on the dom inspector, thanks chrome
the quickness change did not stop like 60 zhaedyn w/quickness from killing like 3-400 bogarussian cav
good news
apparently it was making things attack too fast
o-ok
event rarity: common or rare
as a commander for ma asph: nature gemprod, or carrion dragon
get the stag man what you can see his penis hanging down
there are no recup or regen emoticons
sad
is there a way to get rid of channels showing up under games
or is this just going to accrue and accrue
until there are like 40 game channels to wade through
see! nobody knows!
when scrolling down
discord is so bad at things
eventually some of these games will end
you mute the channnel and right click hide muted channels on the gem
<@179427307386044416> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/372490951391838221/408266654292901898/unknown.png
oh my goddd
yeah do that. mute and hide
extremely intuitive
who designed this garbage
someone younger then irc
think emoji
probably
kids these days

or are centaurs enough to expand with and i can get dormant?
and get rid of trash turmoil for order
why not like
aspho is a popkill nation and running order is a waste of time
you have to run order luck magic ya
all my mages are sacred so reinvig seems good
fire & shock also though yes
i mean it's 2 reinvig
it's not that huge
isn't withering weapons bad? does it have short term effects as well as the increased aging?
withering weapons is very good
i mean who gives a shit if the militia guy is 10 years older
it does damage as well as aging
oh cool
and you have multi attack sacred undead manikins
although probably their spawn rate is tied to high levels of dom or some other abysmal trash as befits one of the worst ma nations
üò¢ you're making me not want to play them
are they really that bad?
they're probably a bit better nowadays
but your money goes off a cliff in year 2
did brainwrinkle fix the number registration thing
as does your recruitment
no
you have to play aggressively
http://www.brainwrinkle.net/games/430
for 1 patch they were insanely good
don't use brainwrinkle and the bot together
and then their domkill got increased and they were made progressively worse with cost rebalances
i meant when the lobby is full you need to make it on snek.earth <@184675842432040960>
now they are a research 0 castle doer but they have other things they really need to spend their n gems on
moak
and maybe one castle. you must... acquire other castles
from other players
moak / more commanders / swarm / foul vapors
which means you have to put a bless on your centaur to kill someone in y1
while also buying g3l3m3
and at least like 6 dom
also you only get to buy centaur a little while because your cap depops and its impossible to buy them anymore forever after that
then you must rely on the powerful saggitarian carcass
you must have boomed powerfully in the early game to have money and therefore rp
and transition to mage supported vine trash
no dryad crutch so you have to legit win things
1n1w gemgen doesn't seem great for a pretender
she's very underpriced which is nice
thats twice as much gemgem as most gemgems!
really makes u think
<@184675842432040960> delete the brainwrinkle lobby or the bot lobby please
ultimately you need an actual expander tho
you cannot be a 15 province haver on that faction
your actual expander is 3 centaur warriors im certain
ok bw lobby gone
https://i.imgur.com/gazltif.png
is my saved guy
oh and abuse tunes
the pg doesn't regen though so you need to be like super friggin careful with them
they buffed them insanely
tunes are wild atm ya
regen sounds bad since pg and many many mages dont get them
ya it does send a fluffer

you fluff god with regrowth
!details

prophet your harpy
sure but you don't need
to spend anything to get that
points wise
regen is to avoid attrition
i get it but do they even attrition
yes
centaur do limp. unless you want to wait that's a death. regen cuts afflict cost
and regen will of course add functional hp
don't take turmoil 3 lol
it doesn't matter the popkill is so bad
really
yes. try them now
i have not tested them at all
it's 1%/candle atm i believe
bc are 46 points right?
lmao
31
what
pans pay 2/3 always
it's pan
in the fuckin world
you rube
you can buy 5 with t3 until popkill brings it down to 4 in a few turns
which is enough
how arw they cheaper than ermor knights
fuck youuuhu
!details

pan needed the buff okay
imagining a 21 hp sacred cav unit with multiple attacks would be cheaper than eponi knights
just lol
but <@255835336083636234>  you have to be pro tier with the tunes
or you lose the game
so be good at them
dom5inspector says tunes are pan only
what changed on tunes
not asph
giganto aoe
lol what did they take away tunes from aspho
oh ya they might have binned them for aspho actually
<:pan:372896697317064705>
thats messed up
no more pbaoe twenty five fear
pan only sorry
yes that is the actual aoe
is the tune of scare enemy only
ofc
why would pan be scared of their own songs
20, jeeeeez
that doesn't make any sense
are you sure?
you could also do aoe twenty five 31 stun damage
these are n1 ench 0
why would morale be a problem for pan ever
a murder blessed centaur from a random tree who is leading 5 wc can do it
in melee, because lol you have to hit him
give them combat caster imo
they don't even need it
1 guard centaur
remember when samog put out dark skies and routed a bunch of centaurs by doing one damage and having them fail the morale to berserk
nice
no its not going to be 20
but the map has uhh, 350+ tiles
but like i have cleared 25 cap pd with 0 losses with 3 white centaur and a centaur boss
by just haveing him do aoe entangle 25 and then aoe 25 fear until they won
n1 ench 0 lol
is there rolls on these spells
31+ stun is mr negate
others are no resist get pan fucked
there's room for 13 land starts, 1 or 2 cave starts, and uhh, 4 water starts?
is the fatigue cost 0
no it is very expensive
5
with tune use pan retains the unique first hit mechanic
cause you count squares to stop moving close but not too close, and cast
so the bad guys get near and then are all entangled + die
bless / hold / attack / songs
maybe i should play 2 nations
so waht you are saying is the correct response to being against pan is to be ermor or get fucked
for when asphodel eats itself
you can always ban pan... if you are a coward
does la get to keep the songs
yes according to the inspector
or i could go dom2 asph and prefer centaurs over the freespawn
nah that's not a doable thing
shit
unless you mean mundane army centaurs
no i meant cap ones
ok so how does dom 2 work with that
popkill at dom2 is about neutral with growth 3
ok...
on the other hand you can buy... 2... at most
so you can keep recruiting in your cap
oh shit yeah forgot about that part
2 of them
nm
ya lol
you could go non bless low dom
regular warriors are still pan units
just use your cheap asphodel temples to bring your dominion/domkill up so you can recurit more!
asphodel seems like its legit bad, by accident
still has a touch of pan
so middling instead of bad
could always take the death 1 forge lord
carrion dragon is pretty badass tbh
https://i.imgur.com/fmmwdou.png
why not cold 3 tbh
sure it hurts to not walk good but you are pan it hurts everyone else more
fuck to snow
and i resist fire five
centauride heirophant is 21 defense to miss so she can sing her song
and she'd have a dude in her square
have you considered that you could do that with literally a kitfox monument
carrion dragons can't fly, wtf
they don't need to
and he's super cheap
just fluff with regen and he's a beast
carrion dragon has what 9 attacks
i will not take a fucking monument
and one of them is aoe
i will take that cool god who will do powerful things after i am on an opponents cap as he awakens
if you took cold 3 you could make him a thug...
also la pan has the tunes
and can cast flight
finally a cure for ragha
sing scary songs until the gryphons run away
ragha flat out insta loses vs pan
no just do the fatigue ones
mr negates 31 fatigue
they don't get to run away. all of them die
why isnt the robot a markov bot yet
31 an fatigue ofc
cause pan
hmm
if you kil lthe rider does the gryphon inheirit its morale penalties and fatigue
.markov jsoh
.markob pan
im pretty sure it's still tired isn't it
.markov pan
it just gets full hp and some affliction heal?
its all afflictions i think
or it should be since the first guy is dead
i can't remember if that's on new rider or on rider die
!turns
but with a dumb as hell bless you could do retarded stuff with a dryad on attack once tunes with a fly eth fluff
nice i have a turn
probably just fear actually
since thye have awe
the order "attack" always resolves before the order "make this guy fly"
well she'd bless on that turn
and you have fucking stymph burd guard
makes sense
you would entangle or generally fuck huge swathes of the enemy army
!details lanights

as your cataphracts hit
why am i not reigsteredf for this anymore wtf
!register pyt lanights
<@282646158218756116>: registering nation pythium for user <@282646158218756116>
is ys any fun? they look cool and i haven't played since dom3
why do the fucking mountains in this game
have heavy cav and barbarian and boner tribe
fuck you illwinter
ok what does mixed shitty onis and shitty short bows fight better
boners barbs or heavy cav
i was in a game where a guy played ys and all he did was make blessed quickness thugs. no units. just thugs attacking rear with 200 combat speed.
bold
8/10 fall of fame slots were his guys
.markov you should
go for it, this map accomodates amphibian nations pretty well
boner
yeah boing but, why doesnt it have any response rate
boners are all berserk toooooo fuck
cat reading newspaper: i should be arcosephalae
what do you mean
it only markovs markovishly if you tell it to
oh you want it to randomly spam the chat
yeah like 10% response rate or something
maybe more, maybe less. see how it goes
100% response rate for every channel under "games"
!register ys pankor
<@137038752370524161>: registering ma ys for <@137038752370524161>
ill see what i can do
you should formally request that feature imo.
yeah van is cool and uw van seems silly
i have no idea what that means
im not a formal person
.request automatic markov spam
im pretty sure when anyone asks for a markov bot thats waht they want
this bot owns lol
!details pankor

is 20 nations not p much every single nation
im gonna build a command so you can tell it to shut up if it gets too annoying, because i dont want to get flamed
31 ma nations
<@184675842432040960> how many global slots for this game
<@120880557130252288>adic.io can you cut it down to, idk, 14
also how many provinces is this map
i havent made a change to globals, will do upon request. the map has 350 tiles ~60 are water
emor is banned right?
put it down to 1 global imo
yes
!details

6-7 globals would be cool for such a big game i think
!register ys
<@137038752370524161>: registering ma ys for <@137038752370524161>
i was thinking 7
!details

huh
that map looks dope
7 is enough that early globals stay up for a while but then its a shitshow
how do we sign up for the game?
type !register [nationname] pankor
apparently my registration didn't go through?
add the game name (pankor)
i have no idea how this system works
it might just be broken
does it know about ys
because its extremely new
it knows about ys
it responded to ys at least ,i nthe channel
!register ys pankor
<@137038752370524161>: registering ma ys for <@137038752370524161>
! register ma vanhiem pankor
!details

<@255835336083636234> hi the robots not working it seems
!register ma vanhiem pankor
<@282159431519567873>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
just vanheim
no ma/ea
osmebody registered as ys and it said "hey good job ur registered" and now they are not
<@137038752370524161> what's your problem?
!details
<@255835336083636234>: error: could not find the game
!details pankor

!register vanhiem pankor
<@282159431519567873>: error: could not find nation
its vanheim
you spelt it wrong
shameful
[3:39 pm] ewie: !register ys pankor
[3:39 pm] botsamog: <@137038752370524161>: registering ma ys for
!register vanheim pankor
<@282159431519567873>: registering ma vanheim for <@282159431519567873>
that's super weird, checking
!list

a 20 player game sounds like a fun excercise in one turn per 72 hours
i'm bot kryptonite
just never extend the timer fuckin easy
that sounds like a man who has never played an all ages game
26 hour and if anyone complains use the master password to set them ai
gg
26 hours? man, kids these days are spoiled
hmm
you need to submit a doctor's note for an extension, and i will ignore it and make you stale and laugh at you
is fear+blood vengeance ma agartha as good as i want it to be
i actually *have* a doctor's note right now
jsoh the real question is whether it is better than fear + bv ma tc geomancer pigsy guys
fuck to china
fear overall is not a particularly amazing bless though no i do not think
v much like awe
the other not that useful vs good nations bless
so then bv+ reconstruction
what about some :effort: bless like fire shield
w t f
why does agartha get the frost father
but kailasa no
cold god for cold blood
obviously
only asians need to be prevented from having the good god
asians and mekone lol get fucked
https://puu.sh/zdfwy/98adbb0e24.jpg
<@137038752370524161> the problem is that i'm a fucking idiot (and also didn't bother putting very much error checking in). give me 2 mins and try again
does agartha have heroes worth 40 design points
these heroes are pretty badass
i think bv might not be good idk this prob is bad also
bv seems pretty fuckign good to me
thanks <@255835336083636234>
i feel like most of the stuff that can damage their big statues especially would not care too much about bv due to quality mr but maybe ur right
is there anything cool in them
i guess they have those unarmoured boulder throwers to get carved up
<@137038752370524161>  try now
but it's not long until that is the job of a wolf or similar in a fort siege rather than normal soldiers
!register ys pankor
<@137038752370524161>: registering ma ys for <@137038752370524161>
!details pankor

huzzah
https://puu.sh/zdfeg/194889a012.jpg nearly perfect
nice 1 dom strength
thank you
he can preach up to dom 7 w/oracle of the ancients conot *taps head wisely*
basically safe domscore
doesn't preach still run off spread chance
only in fights i think
wait did they tone down agartha earth amount
didn't it used to be 3/2/1
2/1/- now i think
ya
but wasn't it more before
idk
how can oracle of the ancients preach up to 7 dom? just by being h3?
yeah
on a temple
you can preach to 2x
!register agar pankor
<@282646158218756116>: registering ma agartha for <@282646158218756116>
how necessary is reconstruction really
idk are they not magic beings and so heal in a lab even with the never heal tag
does heal happen at the same time for lab needers as for not lab needers
no idea but why not
i dunno every time i've relied on preaching priests to get my dom up in a dom battle situation the results have been
unimpressive
but perhaps i just have shit luck
making your domscore above 3 so you don't instantly die to domkill events is not that though
yeah the thing that guy said would not have any thing to do with dominion fights
man this is physically painful
i can either have points left over
or take a good bless and also fuckin mountain survival
<@!160127200803160064> follow the manual as to how preach works
you need to use h2+
or take a less good bless and not mountain survival
if you do not have h2+ reconsider a very low dom score
cause h1 preach is ass
take mountain survival i m h o, never know when the map move will be useful
who summoned me
you fucked up your @
too bad there's not a useful one pointer in there
mountain survival is shit
your bot is broken gon
gosh
and it was cryle
taking opsec pointers from the cia i see
lol
i fixed it now if you mean ewie not being able to sign up
!details

.request reminder function (reminder x hours text) to get pm'd by the bot in that amount of time with that reminder
.request a pretender name generator that automatically searches skybot for random strings of kevin quotes from #lf that fit into pretender name length
lol
lol
<@!148098869782118401> does it specifically refer to jsoh as a luddite
.tags jsoh
it pulls tags
i think
yeah
nice
.tags conot
yikes
.tagged beverage
im pretty sure i just had a fucking shard guard
rout himself by doing 0 damage to himself with heat aura
bless confirmed for good
the squad took a combined 10 damage and routed
great shit
17 morale
well tried to rout they are slow as shit lol
!register uruk pankor
<@364579232497532929>: registering ma uruk for <@364579232497532929>
!register arcosephale pankor
<@184675842432040960>: error: could not find nation
oh my god its impossible to spell
arcosefail
just say arco
or ar
!register arco pankor
<@184675842432040960>: registering ma arcoscephale for <@184675842432040960>
i spelled it writ, it was csae esenseitive
!register eriu pankor
<@373660914588581909>: registering ma eriu for <@373660914588581909>
hey its that guy
!details

you missed the c after s
hmm
i lost a battle because my h1 guy didnt bless enoguh of the units
so they started lighting eachother on fire
good avatar, good map lowkey

shit yes it worked
what do you mean
the bot took a lobby and a server address, and turned it into a regular game. plus it kept the registrations he between the lobby and the game
this means that the minimum possible lobby system is implemented now
create a lobby, people sign up, the owner goes away to snek.earth manually and then gives the address to the bot
!details pankor

https://puu.sh/zdguq/c7de0e78e7.jpg hell yeah
!help
<@364579232497532929>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
oh yeah "!start" isn't on that help yet
whatever
hmm i guess if daddy cyclops expands that cuts into my troop production
!register pangaea pankor
<@170392794706214912>: registering ma pangaea for <@170392794706214912>
um
they‚Äôre banned
cryle you posted that only ermor was banned in the thread
did you change it
it was posted that both were banned
(also note that in this channel you don't need the game name, since the bot uses the channel name by default)
"i am hosting a game: bad-boys-of-pankor.  ermor is banned but popkill/underwater otherwise allowed.  "
it must say pan is ban too
not in the pankor thread you fucker!
i am hosting a game: bad-boys-of-pankor.  ermor is banned but popkill/underwater otherwise allowed.  

to join, join https://discord.gg/sx8dhp and type !register [nation] pankor.  
the server will be hosted on dom5.snek.earth / brainwrinkle.  i'll post details when i finish uploading this 100mb map.
sorry i didnt read the other trillion palces you psoted it!!!
ok well itd be appreciated if you picked something else and i'll clean it up later
and by clean up i mean ask <@255835336083636234> to clean it up for me
just "!unregister" <@170392794706214912>
removes your registrations from this game
!unregister
<@170392794706214912>: removing user 170392794706214912 from game pankor
!register mictlan
<@170392794706214912>: registering ma mictlan for <@170392794706214912>
ty
is there a way to ban with the bot?
no
not yet anyway
i'll add it to the feature list
could i just register as the banned nations
also is trhgere a way to get unchill70 added to a channel here so i can get updates on when turn flips
how janky would that be
god i wish
unchill is karpheads server
what is unchil? a discord or irc server?
a game server
a dominions game server?
yes
yes you can add it here
!help
<@255835336083636234>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
with add
you can get notifications even without a channel
oh wow neat
riidi you do it
you need to register your nations too when it's been added
!add server.beandog.co:5434 unchill70
<@170392794706214912>: successfully inserted with alias unchill70
take it to the main channel though please
not that this channel has much use yet
or you can always pm the bot too
!delete unchill70
<@170392794706214912>: successfully removed server unchill70
the channel you do it in makes no difference
didn't need to delete üòÉ
the bot only uses the channel as the game name in commands if you don't specify one
depends if they expand into more than 60 res doesnt it
arco has no panko
arco needs no panko
daddy clops is only 30
oh god damn it, i have to fight atlantis too now?
there aren't even any fucking thrones down here in the seas
@conot - very true.  i even survived two separate sieges by two different people!
there are a couple thrones in the seas.  at least one is even in an indy province.
not enough to win
i have to literally pull everything back now and fight two huge ai underwater nations to secure my borders
huh, from fucking around with them a bit it seems ys is way better at using its sacreds on land than sea
when normally sea provinces are gimmies
yeah
because they breath aoe fire on land
maybe the gem income will help
!details

bah, breating aoe fire is nothing
!register ulm
<@190292302785150976>: registering ma ulm for <@190292302785150976>
can always make more bane lords
aoe fire is good actually
ys is bad
priestes makes ur brain think good.
!list

there ... there is no port
no, the game isn't up yet. this is a lobby.
!register sceleria pankor
<@230792589580697600>: registering ma sceleria for <@230792589580697600>
the fact that arco gets healer (3) priestesses is *insanely* good
priestess is the best healer in the game so ya it's p good
it's a shame its on a nation that tends to lose most of its units outright rather then get a billion afflictions
it's for the wizards
fuck to units let them die
wizards and maybe elephants. everyone else can die
yeah, your mystics and your philosophers
arco doesn't get elephants in ea, rip
uncrippling an elephant is pretty great value
i tested expanding with priestess leading elephant squads and it worked out fine actually
this was for la
mix in some slow as fuck hoplites with the armor elephants + priestess
she'd often clean up the limps instantly
the problem with priestesses leading
is they'll fix up all the stupid worthless cardaces with broken fingers an stuff
is panko running any mods
no
well the dumb slow shit stays behind, elephants run ahead and stomp stomp
the phalangites or w/e rarely even engage
they exist to increase squad size and average morale
you dont put the idiot infantry in front of the fants??
no
it's purely to game morale
they are in the same squad
!details

<@255835336083636234>  is it opossible to sign up for games via your bot?
looks like i managed to enslave ole faceforadick himself
<@303193134026981389> to lobbies on the bot, yes
pankor is one
create lobbies with !lobby
ok what are the magic words for me to join pankor
it does mean you can't use brainwrinkle''s lobby
just register as normal
"!register <nation> pankor", or "!register <nation>" if you're in the channel
s
so, some assassin fights just seem to happen in the dark now
!register agartha pankor
<@303193134026981389>: error: nation agartha already exists in lobby
oh no, poor blearth elemental
i'm impressed that error condition and message worked
! register sauromatia pankor
oh piss
edits don't work neither
!register sauromatia pankor
<@303193134026981389>: error: could not find nation
just do sauro, fuck spelling
!register sauro pankor
<@303193134026981389>: error: could not find nation
!register ys pankor
<@303193134026981389>: error: nation ys already exists in lobby
!register fomoria pankor
<@303193134026981389>: error: could not find nation
it's ma
can do pythium
i recommend just rolling a d100 and attempting whatever nation number you hit until it says okay
!register !register bandar pankor
<@303193134026981389>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
!register bandar pankor
im in the mainframe#
wtf why didn't that one work
!details
<@303193134026981389>: registering ma bandar log for <@303193134026981389>

lol
aha it was a new turn
oo
presumably the bot lagged
!register "'; drop table lobbies;" pankor
<@230792589580697600>: error: could not find nation
sorry no
you can however do
!lobby ma 2 üçÜ
<@255835336083636234>: creating game lobby with name üçÜ
!list

!details üçÜ

hell yes
<@282646158218756116> kaaba game plz
debating whether to remove that or not - it's just `:eggplant:` in the db
!register agartha üçÜ
<@303193134026981389>: registering ma agartha for <@303193134026981389>
!add server.beandog.co:5434 unchill70
<@170392794706214912>: error: unique constraint failed: started_servers.address
yeah riidi that's was i was worried about
bug, one sec
deleting then re-adding the same server is broken
okay it's good now
!add server.beandog.co:5434 unchill70
<@255835336083636234>: successfully inserted with alias unchill70
!details unchill70

i had to manually delete the old address, which the bot doesn't correctly delete
!register pangaea unchill70
<@170392794706214912>: registering nation pangaea for user <@170392794706214912>
üçÜ
lategame fighting is totally different than early game
god damn
fucking commander dark vines!!!!!
ya lol
enjoy
kinda tempted to make a horror-nations game
just take all the blood nations, move the spells down to like blood 1, cataclysm on turn 40. call it <:mark:372896569747439616>
mod nation of recruitable horrors
a game was 12 versions of the glitch nation
cryle is a master negotiator.
absolutely
i'm so bad at it
message -> all players -> mid or feed.
!tag cryle master negotiator
it's ".tag", different bot
.tag cryle self tagger
no take it away
.tags cryle
aaaaaah
hmm
thats not actually true is it
.tag cryle attempted self tagger
did boing port over all of the irc shit yet
hes emulated featuers but not ported anything i think
.request let me make the robot remember messages so i can say ?rp and it will tell show me the picture of the rp image like skybot
üò≤
.request the golem, ruby, and soup commands.
last turn crylr offered "send me gems this turn and i'll pay you next turn"
this tur
this thing mu that i said would be that thing
i would glady pay you tuesday for a gemburger today.
oh yeah i guess it would.
i would have! now he wants "gems this turn, for pay this turn, and also at the same inflated rate"
this turn, because he'd be immediately sending the gold, he wants a discount.
can you believe this guy?
well fuck off retard, my 2n mage is already on the move and cant build more lars.
lars only need n1 to make
sorry i should have said "my n mage" as in, i have only ever produced one the entire game
we make a special gem just for you, same high price.
and it was a lar from a merc
throughout this game i have recruited 12 daktyl mages
not a single one has rolled death
it's a 1/5th chance
train carrying gop congress members hits garbage truck, one dead
i find it very sad! that riidi fails to understand that i would be prepared to pay significantly more than a gem is worth on credit, than i would up front
woot
!details

hell yeah 2 hours to go
are you trustworthy
i have made many extremely shady gem deals in my time
at least once i made a gem deal with a guy i was invading, by using a third party.
so
no
he absolutely is not
if id sent him the gems last turn this turn he;d have said "oh uhh sorry some random events and upkeep meant i dont have enough gold to send"
"can i pay you half the gold and send back some other gems at a 1.5:1 rate favoring me?"
i have never actually broken my word regarding gems or gold on credit or a nap or anything
that, also, is not a believable statement.
and frankly i cannot be held to a price i offered on turn 45, for a deal on turn 45, when it is now in faxt turn 46.
it was not a deal on turn 45
you specifically said "i will do <x>"
that's weird i didnt receive any gems this turn
is the garbage truck okay
we need a blockchain for trustless gem trading
unf no
the truck drivers got hurt and the gop is ok
fucked up
cryle says he didn't receive gems, and as a person who has no investment in this either way and no clue i trust him
i do like the attempt at "i'll gladly pay you tuesday for a hamburger today." diplomacy tho
!register man pankor
<@378746941980278795>: registering ma man for <@378746941980278795>
woo
im this guys only ally and this is the treatment i get. its tough to root for the overdog.
isn't he pan
he deserves the grief
wait, wrong channel
the overdog
!register man pankor
<@378746941980278795>: error: nation man already exists in lobby
appears to work fine then
tfw you learn to disrupt the gem economy and find hidden paths to fortune
!details pankor

how many players does that map support
the man wants twenty players
the fuck?
350 provinces on the map
oh god
!register pelagia pankor
<@169456837236621312>: registering ma pelagia for <@169456837236621312>
noooooo
oh jesus
before u did that i bascially owned the oceans i think
i might be pan but i also suck
which ocean man are you
agartha
shart guard
pans banned
oh you are agartha. other ocean is ys, who i will murder
in the other game jsoh!!
oh i get it
i will probably share ocean with agartha because they are real and ys is garbage piece of shit who deserves death
luckily we will probably be on different planets
what the fuck is this game
cryle probably ban pelagia also.
is it just a big game gimmick or there somethingelse
<@184675842432040960> probably ban pelagia also
pelagia is cool and good do not ban
if you ban it, i will select rlyeh instead
can pelagia still do infinite wish for armageddon
<@184675842432040960> probably ban nuclear monkey instead
uttervast spaceship traveler owns
im not banning pelagia ive never even see pelagia
excellent
you will continue to not see pelagia probably
i will upload armageddon clock god of pelagia when i get home
and then all the sudden everything will die
how do you tell who's registered for what
are you on a phone war beard
failagia
yes
is ermor banned?
!details pankor

let me correct myself, cryle
because that's basically pelagia
pelagia provides a useful service in large games
pelagia can do infinite wish for armageddon
here i go warbeard https://puu.sh/zdmks/51d1ec77d8.png
if no one is going to win, pelagia cleans it up
and provides mercieful end
well, we have cataclysm for that now
just put on cataclysm instead
oh hey it did work
cataclysm is on at turn sixty nine
wh
the shit just displays all retarded on phones warbeard
that's too slow
i will provide better cataclysm on closer to turn 45
unless by some miracle i am doing well in which case i will probably not explode the world because why would i do that?
why would anyone join a 20 player game
i hate myself absum hth
masochism
ive done like 2 turns in the past 3 days
i need af ix
someone make grandpas closet dom5 edition
on that horrible monstrosity of a map
what is grandpas closet
it's not ready for dom 5
it was a game with like one thousand two hundred provinces
lmao
i thought about it
grandpas closet was on a 1400 province map with 30 players os rsomething
that's too many provinces.
it is
it's very bad
foreverwar ftw.
it was so big you couldnt load the game properly
you had to download the turns
doesn't it need a winter overlay or something
crash the game
then play locally
connect ot the server, crash the game again
it was great
winter overlay is not required i dont think
in awe at the size of this map. absolute unit.
winter overlay is not required no
you just cant see snow at a glance
im in 5 games and i've gotten like 1 turn in a week
cryle why isnt the server up for me to upload yet
idgi
everyone is bad
well shit, i'll start cooking up the closet sometime then
2 patches
etc etc
i was in the hospital and no one even had to really pause anything
because no turns were going to happen
for two days
dominions is dead
i still feel like i have too many turns
someone else asked for a puase and fucking lord sloth hasnt submitted a turn in 3 days
although i really wish they had accumulating vps with thrones
you can do that
put vps on throne prov
i thought vp doesnt exist anymore
isn't it still an option
i'll beat the shit out of the next stupid fucker that asks me to ban something
ban interpersonal violence please
wow nice secret reg.
ban jsoh
ban your face
!details

honestly on a map this big pelagia is more harmful to the game than ermor
yeah. i wasn't kidding when i said that ermor = pelagia
monkee did you go r'lyeh
no. pelagia
whatever tho my mans are fairly beefish
i could change to rlyeh i have a gimmick build ma rlyeh i could do
which does not involve turn 15 bot
or armageddon
wow
it involves an uttervast space ship
it would own
what bless do i give ancient ones and shart guards that lets them kill water elementals under water
uhhhh
<bless not found>
and uhh statues or whatever
bv?
regen
18mr
regen
i reckon maybe all the blesses ought to do it
14 strength
no, none of them
none of them do it
oh hey it's warbeard
i bet all of them together would
oh. yes. that's a good idea
also use the faerun map, not the closet map
respect the classics
140 yogis
it's nowhere near as absurd
im such a dumbass
wait are you actually using the closet map im going to stab myself
cold weapons maybe?
boulder throw nad stone throw dont work uw do they
lol
why would cold weapons work
for the closet game
because no cold resistance?
they're resistant to everything
yeah but i won* a game on the closet map
probably just a lot of + strength and quickness
is all that would do it efficiently
and quickness is already pretty good on encumberance less statues
cryle its not a joke. on a map this b ig pelagia is way more cancerous than ermor
everyone will die to armageddon and maybe one or two players in the game will have had a chance to do anything about it
oh yeah i forgot larger is good
on this nation
what's that? we didn't have a major battle this turn
oh, can they just shit out wishes?
yes.
killed fucking 500 birb men, with 2k left to go it feels like
is it though? most of there good sacreds are size 3
or are you going real big
welcome to every nation in dom 3 tho
larger gives 30% hp to statues
which then gets more statue hp for golem dom
could you mod wish more expensive
that's not bad.
probably enough to make the big statues worth making
and also remove that global which is ridiculous in large games
<@169456837236621312> do you promise to not destroy the galaxy
also would make shart glaives length 4
which is p good but also would make them only fit 1 a square which is less good
yeah. that was my concern with sentinels/shart guards + enlarge
but the golem cult thing is worth it
of course not cryle
i will destroy the galaxy
why is plegaria so bad? plenty of other wish casters out there
pelagia can wish for gems
they make pearls
i can be rlyeh instead and not destroy the galaxy tho
!unregister pelagia pankor
<@169456837236621312>: removing user 169456837236621312 from game pelagia
when pelagia wishes for gems they get 80 pearls
just unregister pankor
!register r'lyeh pankor
<@169456837236621312>: registering ma r'lyeh for <@169456837236621312>
and 40 of every gem but water
because they can turn water gems to pearls 1:!
1:1
<@!169456837236621312> you need to unregister again with "!unregister pankor", then register again
!unregister pankor
<@169456837236621312>: removing user 169456837236621312 from game pankor
!register r'lyeh pankor
<@169456837236621312>: registering ma r'lyeh for <@169456837236621312>
then they cast nexus and turn all of the other gems to pearls
i wouldn't cast nexus
i would just destroy the galaxy and bring peace
nexus is always broken in large games
nexus is best when you overwrite it with stellar focus
(lol jb)
i will probably not cast burden of time
unless someone like just gives me a bunch of gems and asks me to. then i will do it for sure
there is only one solution
cataclysm turn 1
someone else should do burden of time though
mostly because i would never care
you are only allowed cataclysm turn 5 unfortunately
oh good i can still get a refund
but yeah as pelagia all you have to do is wish for gems if pearls < 200 and wish for armageddon if > 200
and it is a self sustaining engine
and in a game like this, i would very carefully hoard as many as i could so that the turn i got alt9 i could just start chain casting a good 3-4 times
https://puu.sh/zdntg/41c24ad769.jpg https://puu.sh/zdnpn/0fa80f48dc.jpg which is better
wish endgame is crazy
i would kill everyone and then the horrors would be welcomed as liberators
it's like illwinter built them for it on purpose. the pearl kings are high hp so they generally survive armageddon
and have the pearl xmute ability
what death god do you take to expand
as who
pelagia
doggo
oh
fuck pelagia
assuming you have death god for bot
i wouldn't take death
what do you need a death god
you take a astral god , for wish
oh right. that makes more sense
i would take a high s god who also has some blesses for knights so i could go kill ys
uh rude
reminder that you could start on different planets
they look connected
monkey tell me which pretender is better
and uttervast is a space ship
i hate them both
protogenos of the sea would be hilarious on this map
we‚Äôre basically just swapping provinces and troop loss
lmao
what does he do?
teleport
he can move to every water province in the game
sadly attack rear crab claw strategems no longer work he'd die
oh fucking l o l
i have successfully stormed a cap with uttervast in 8 enemy candles solo though
so expect bullshit
how did you break walls
whats a agartha pretender then
i gatewayed an army to break the walls
cheater
then uttervast stormed, alone
and won easily
that's still good
i have to decide if i am going astral corruption uttervast or burden of time uttervast though
big decisions
how does dog of the underworld expand
poorly
you said no burden of time!
just by being really scary?
oh.
no burden of time rush
yes
expander god needs protection or ethereal or something to not get pucnhed a lot
i mean uttervast is dormant it's not even possible to rush effectively with him
whats banned for pankor
man eldest cyclops has a tiny fuckin head
ermor pan
maybe you just have a big head
the coolest part of taking blood uttervast is researching blood four early as rlyeh
pan and ermor
which is completely insane in any other scenario
but he can leech touch, forever
someone whos not a idiot help me design a pretender please
sorry jsoh
sorry all idiots here
efb
i need to empower my floating mind in blood
ty for idea monkee
does this mean its time to slam dunk a pretender into the lemuria slot
he has innate also doesn't he
he does
i‚Äôm trying to pick the best awake expander for ma ulm
floating mind could be like idiot fucker moron version of uttervast
and a thousand times weaker
and then die
absum its a ma game
but, it would cast leech touch a couple times
so good luck
!unregister
<@160127200803160064>: removing user 160127200803160064 from game late-age-newbies
!details
https://puu.sh/zdnpi/8b43d1bccb.jpg

beautiful...
the other benefit of bloodervast is remove affliction hmmm hard call
jsoh huh?
ya.
am i mixing up my games
isnt pankor also the 20p 350 provinces game
you got some negative points there jsoh
<@114740794476331015> reminder, in case you missed it
pankor is a middle age game
why do you want quick you don't need quick
idk dude . i guess i could go with the cyclops of resist every thing also
you probably want uhhh a risen oracle or something like your fire shield charge body thing
!details pankor

a 20 player ma game?
not all ages?
why
on a cool as heck map
larger + bv
because game host hates mods!
that‚Äôs why absum
risen oracle is fucking asssssssss
leader of the closed council on the other hand...
risen oracle is ed god with fucking chill and fear
how is he ass
immortal
that cyclops is confirmed to be able to expand with a trinket armor
idk
i killed one with like 4 trolls
in dom4
oh, what determines the starting research you have?
this is dom5
in dom5
just walked up and bopped his head off
because that is totally new to me
magic scales + random
lol what kind of piece of shit risen oracle loses to 4 trolls
it had regen bless i think
the death regen i assume
this is the game where i amde agartha go ai and then its ai immediately started rolling me with massed oracle blade winds
lol
is there any time the death regen isn't shit
if you‚Äôre lemuria
once you get to conjuration 9 its probbably good
lemuria could take a shit on the keyboard and it would work
i mean
that‚Äôs the play
except it‚Äôs everyone‚Äôs keyboard
also imo in such a big game it‚Äôs weird that we‚Äôre keeping cata 69
what do you even take as a d bless on this nation either
https://puu.sh/zdoc8/b6cad057a7.jpg ???
withering weapons is bad
its really not
someone was saying that withering weapons + arcane finesse is good
but i don't know why or how
that doesn‚Äôt even make sense
well, the penetration affects punches with mr componenets
that part makes sense.
but i'm not sure how you're going to kill faster by making them age a bit every turn
the nation that wishes for more wishes
it does damage
oh shit really?
cryle make your game all ages
fuck you
lol
the only age i am interested in...
...is the space age
40k conversion mod when
ftw.
man wearing skull bandana: hey can we play in legal age
dormant floating mind can get quickness & fateweaving with 5dom and 1 (additional) negative scale. how's that for fighting ys sometime in year two and casting wish a bunch?
did u kno
there are 21 nature sites that produce a researcher
the next more frequent are fire at 13, and air at 12,
half of them are dogsit though
it‚Äôs not a ‚Äúresearcher‚Äù unless it‚Äôs more gold efficient than your next most efficient option
thats just like your opinion man
what is precision checked against
movement?
this shit should be in the manual
how much damage do wog bolts do and is it mr or prot checked
precision isn‚Äôt checked against anything
it just checks precision when they target a square to see how much it goes off course
if the range from attacker to target is greater than precision/2 ‚Äì 2 (half the precision, minus 2) then the
missile will deviate from the target. the amount of deviation is equal to the range x 1.25 / precision.
so that means, if you are like, a 15 precision angel or whatever and you fire an arrow, you need to be 7 tiles away for a guaranteed hit
wait no, 5 tiles.
guaranteed to hit the tile not the dude right?
prec counts double past 10
what
so the first 10 points are like 1,2,3,4 right
yeah if you are a 15 precision angel you are 20 for purposes of calculation
and then it's effective 12 14 16 etc. after
why? because <:illwinter:372894192894214176>
it hits a random unit in the square if not aoe
who then gets to block with a shield, if it applies
!details

maybe they were going to do it with bitmask values at one time monkee
<@205774730244915202> bruh
this incidentally makes agarthans even more shit prec wise than it may have appeared at first glanec
glance*
b/c even if you were an absolute madman and went prec +10 bless it would still be 6 worse than a comparable bless on a human faction
and the aim buff takes them from 7 to 12 rather than 10 to 18
cryle can you make the server so people can upload. also a server setting i would strongly suggest is setting story events to all
does this game have a cataclysm date
are we full
!details pankor

i want at least 14
theres no reason to be full before allowing uploads
yeah you can just host and let people upload
k
it would be cool as heck if there were actually 20
that would put it at 17.5 ppp which is not even terrible
definitely common events and story to all
69
hell........ pit on graphs
graphs are awful.
riidi are you even in this game
someone will god eyes in a 20 player game
so graphs will come
you can see i am right there cryle!!!
oh and bump the global limit
i cant. someone blinded mine eyes of god
don't leave it at 5 that'd be sad
yeah ill set it ot 7
what's a waste of gems you keep the graphs and info you already got
and it remembers sites
i hope bug squash takes exactly the pretender jb gave him
i've made a pretender that will either let me do well, or leave the game quickly
i tihnk twist fate is probably maybe better than luck for nazca tho
but mayben ot
nice.
brb
jsoh if i show it to you can i get your secret eval
sure
twist fate means you don't have to waste one hundred sixty design points
ok i'll do that when i get back home
also it requires less s
please do not capitalize the j in my name it bugs me out
also it works for the dead stuff
<@110869804197351424> join the space game
how do i change game rules
is ma batmen even good
<@110869804197351424> go ai where your god died and join the space game
its on the make game page of dom5.snek.earth
their sacred look real shit
dont use their sacreds
they are shit
they parts that are good are the bats
and the mages
use wizards yeah
all i can change is password, turn timer, and map
https://twitter.com/venusasabun/status/958544250270093312
and the nationa lspells (do they even have the national spells)
they have frogs
oh you have to do those changes from the start
they have no blood xib stuff
precision values greater than 10 count double for the amount above 10. thus, a precision value of 12 is
actually calculated as precision 14.
ohmy god its in the manual
no national spells but they have way
huh weird it's like the people here are not trying to misinform you for no reason
and the uhh cave ones
both are good. you want to collect caves
camazotz
does space map have caves
space map has like 2 caves
4
one for xibalba one for agartha get fucked
space map has aan entire cave planet
oh that's fine
hmbol
https://twitter.com/imrichardmorris/status/958726108815544321
jonjoe can't count
absolute scenes.
8
or is cave planet very smol
no indie zotz mod
please
cave planet is like 10 tiles
and i think it hosts 2 starts
i hope i start on a 10 tile planet with xibalba
but one start is adjacent to another planet
lmao
you mean, your 10 tile planet with 2 aps
dasharezone planet
where u share all ur tiles and sites
is there a black hole, which is a cave. if not, why not.
<@317410996169736204> they didn't want me to play pelagia and blow up the galaxy it was very fucked up
a cave w/ no province connections
name your prophet martin
and just blow up one other planet
cryle to change the settings for globals, and hall of fame, and site rarity (should be 50 probably since thats default for dom5) and events you need to change them on the make game screen and not the edit screen
real sad
with black death and tidal waves and shit
how many big provinces
er
just bizarre
name it marvin
marvin the martian
i am bad at this
next map should be 1 planet per tile
i expect the map is super imbalanced and one of the planets is like farm planet right
as is standard for custom maps
definitely monkey
perfect
although probably the most broken part of this map is how you can chokehold an entire planet from 2 provinces lol
thats uhh
wow
the map is epic. nuff said.
true of here as well - the suez and panama canals
i cannot be chokeholded
uttervast space ship does not follow your rules
theres 14 caves
excellent
https://dom5.snek.earth/maps/50
prepare for bat hell
theres 335 provinces not 350 cryle!!!!!
and ist 75 uw
nice estimates
41 manysites holy siht
i think ma agartha is going to win this game
this maps insane
should i unregister as ulm and reregister as jotun
dats a lotta water
75 uw you probably want another water nation at least or i will be a malignant cancer
i think i should
maybe 2 more uw
tfw theres more many sites than farms
sounds like it's time for ma shinuyama to shine
if we actually fill up the game you want 4 or 5 uw
the map file recommends 4 water nations
how many are even in ma
well monkee to travel to other planets where water is you‚Äôll need to go over land
tyler ocean ys atlantis pelagia
i do not
uttervast does not follow your laws of physics
you got the big 5 plus ys, agartha, xib and kinda sceleria and shinu
then therse , me, uuhhh
whats the big 5 am i fogeting one
there‚Äôs also technically aspho
oceania pelagia atlantis rlyeh ys
can maniknasns swim
no
oh
no aspho is not a secret uw faction
fucked up
oh right oceania exists i forgot
like everyone else does
because it's shit
honestly if you add oceania to the game it just means monkey gets 3 capitals
instead of 2
oceania can outfight rlyeh maybe but it is quite miserable to play
i actually tend towards water fuck the surface agreements in water games
unless my water neighbor is doing very bad, in which case i kill them and use their lands better
take a pretender capable of casting thetis blessing, gotcha
i welcome thetis blessing
one weird trick to own rlyeh, astral nations hate it
all are welcome to the cold dead embrace of the sea
jsoh
imagine how fuckin good the boat is on this map
!unregister
seriously considering taking inspirational bless so i can send mindless things to lead mindless things under water
<@190292302785150976>: removing user 190292302785150976 from game pankor
!register jotun
<@190292302785150976>: registering ma jotunheim for <@190292302785150976>
and actually <@137038752370524161>  would be a good water friend because ys is better on land anyways
dispel your own thetis blessing a few turns later to murder all your land neighbours
counterpoint: ys capital has 3 command points
unless he's too close then i will try to kill him ofc. but the water is big
i am imagining enchanted forest
!register shi pankor
<@96715337440952320>: registering ma shinuyama for <@96715337440952320>
1.5 star kids wooo
actually i dont get anything from underwater forts do i
mage wise
real sad
as who jstor
you get nothing at all but there will be amber clan and stuff around im sure
!details pankor

how do i expand as rlyeh without a kraken
uruk ascendant
lol uruk
i can't hold down lobo button they cost rec points this is fucked up
!unregister
<@190292302785150976>: removing user 190292302785150976 from game pankor
enter the void gate and get a vastness on turn 2
*sagely* unban pan and ermor
the name of that sage? the star of intelligence
if ermor is in the game i will ally with them fyi
*galaxy brain* all ages no bans
this riidi but with awful nations also
glitch nation forever
>when your glitch upgrades to the one that shoots an blade wind every turn
is there any good nation
i hate all ma nations i think
uhhhhh be marignon
jonjoe https://puu.sh/zdpzw/620796115d.jpg
pick one that moves a lot. the map is big
giants walk fast. bats walk fast
astral nations can gateway
gonna tread on so many faries
<@255835336083636234> as you are a cancer nation i would like to be your friend hello
i have an awake amphibious expander
how are luck blood bond fire shield flags
garbage
atrocious
do not build around flags
kotc are a real sacred
exploding flags no fr bless
the image ive posted for you is the 100% correct build for marignon on this map
flags are really bad
actually hmm
maybe not
what would that bless even do jsoh
besides allow you to walk very very shitty flags into the ocean to die
march flags underwater where their fire shields don‚Äôt work
go in water is a good bless for marignon on this map
but only for kotc
not for friggin flags
they are all iron and it's shitty amphib isn't it
they'd get rolled by real uw
even oceania could do it
https://puu.sh/zdq6k/b3115fec26.jpg
it‚Äôs water breathing monkee
paladin bless.
not amphib
you dont
fucking make anything but paladins on that nation
poor amphib due to water breath
so -3 stat
is water breathing poor amphib?
plus rust
i think they definitely kill rlyeh with lances uw
i don‚Äôt think so
they kill like 5 lobos and die probalby
map move bless imo
does fire shield acutally not work under water
i‚Äôm 99% sure it‚Äôs just +1 enc
thats insanely sad
heat doesn't work either
awe works
that‚Äôs it
awe my lobos
fire weapons?
is anyone else getting "javascript error?!" on mod inspector r/n
i get that occasionally and just refresh and everything wokrs fine
i actually don't know how i'm going to expand. i may be a rump state due to having uttervast
but i am commited
how good is blood vengeance versus indies?
real sad that underwater bless mans cant make their sacreds who dont normally breath water in uw forts
its as good as how many times you can get hit without dying
so good on gisnts
giants
its been like this for me all day jsoh it is quite annoying
i am trying to see what sacreds shinu even has
ok how about this. solid sb uttervast
summons and shitty wizards
shinyuama sacreds are
tengus and dai oni and sorcerers
how does blood vengeance and luck interact
ok ty jsoh
and whatever stinky shity idiot mage you have
shamans
should i put some earth on the uttervast or will that make the ai cast stupid shit that is not leeching touch
3000 years old mage
i dont want him to throw rocks
that will result in throw rocks
as you well know
does luck mean bv doesn‚Äôt process?
fucked up
yeah its just shaman dai oni oni shugo and tengus
you will be lucky not to cast blink 800 times
s will make him jack off with buffs which i don't care about cause he already has the buffs built in so he wont do real dumb stuff
no i know the ai wont do that
once it's in melee it spams the shit out of leech touch
is fateweaving actually any use
ok
oh ty
they are pretty good about casting spells that go along with attack
no fateweaving is not
if you order them to attack
ill have to test
!details

if he does fists of iron sometimes i think im fine with it though
good bot
my floating mind tended to do bad touches on stuffi n melee
as long as he's not spamming blade wind to knock himself out like a moron
and then the nature stun spells when stuff was running away from him
did he take his turn
that mother fucker
lol
please stayyyy
i think it's probably sdn or seb
i will have to test and see what i like better
whats the earth for
do not have zero protection
https://steamcommunity.com/app/722060/discussions/0/1693785669859496631/
dunno, sounds okay
!details

blade wind and earth meld
is what it will cast i think
if it does idk maybe i can do sdb :getin:
arcane finesse, stygian skin, blood surge
and idk like +1 mr or some dumb shit
its real hard to resist building a pretender to cast the boat now
than kyou j brereton
of course i could just twist fate and +1mr for the same price
no i need finesse
im fucking rlyeh
hes saying fate weaving dude
oh
fate weaving is bad do not
fate weaving is bad
in that test if one side had twist fate they would probalby survive much more than 35% more
i think this is my god???
can someone tell me why anyone would ever cast olm conclave
w2e1 and you get mind blast
to obtain a conclaveworth of olms
oh oh
i thought it was just the sage
once you have that probably make mercuries unless you want more mind blast
just in time
made it
perfect clay men caster i think you mean monkee
i guess 10 olms for 20 gems is ok
it's better than ok it's really good!
ya it's sound
im used to nazca...
jbrereton that god will unironically make shinu kick my ass lol
high morale shortbows
short bows generally cannot swim
i can't attack him on land
or he will murder me
jbrereton: reanimators enthusiast.
i'm going with carrion dragon for sure
on theme
ok how about
chill/hard skin/ reanimators
for agartha
fluffed carrion dragon ftw
i don't think it can realistically die if you fluff it
soul slay
vs indies i mean
what do you mea by fluffed?
maybe to a really high roll of gryphons or pegasus
he means you send a h1 to cast the undead regen spell on it
you cast your national make undead regen spell at him with your prophet
or make an h1
so it has 200 hp and regen
sweet
yeah
mu i am big into reanimators ya
i'd do it with prophet so when your thing routes randomly it can always catch up to where the dragon wants to go
cause you want to buff and run away before you get killed by some random thing that walks by
how well does cold resist counteract being cold blooded
hahaha
-2 enc get fucked by the -10
it's fine though i ran cold3 agartha
sharts have cr and no cold blood
only your cap wizard is cold blood and all i generally had those doing was eq
i don't care if it's 210 fatigue or 200
what about in just cold 1
how bad is it
isn't c1 +4
that's still +4
i will have cold three of course
since the only thing that can go under water to lead shit is a ancient lord or whatever
cold 3 doesnt exist uw
cold one does
yeah
i will murder statue strategems if you attempt to trespass in my sea
if you kill ys i will probably not care though and share
actually, does blood vengeance pass back the damage received (after prot) or the damage dealt?
i have no idea how bv works now
doesnt really matter since it rerolls
all of the rolls
my god is alive nuclear monkee
and large parts of damage is rolls , except when you are fighting giants or tstrike
what the hell is the space game
https://i.imgur.com/krjinmb.jpg
https://puu.sh/zdqvg/c89408efc9.jpg this feels like shit
does this have an ip to upload to yet
real question is do i go heat 3 or cold 3
it doesnt reroll. it rolls on top of hte other rolls
cold
i'm thinking cold o i can get over rivers
yes
it uses the previous roll, to roll
it rolls again then whatever
you like to bark skin also
we did it!
are you recording space game <@!169456837236621312>
being fire weak is very very bad in h3
i will because it will be stupid as shit and funny
can you land on the sun
and im doing stupid shit
can you land on the rings of farm planet
oh no that map is
cool
is that purple line a connection between the moon of cave planet
what is it
is that ring thing a place you can go
this games going to be sick
can uttervast go there
in his journey to the stars
fuck
imagine how owned the poor bastards starting on wasteland planet will be
like i am no joke just going to fly around being an asshole randomly with my god until it dies
the ringworld is 4 tiles big
nice
then i will recall it, and do it again
!register jotun
<@190292302785150976>: registering ma jotunheim for <@190292302785150976>
can you walk on the sun
if you can i hope there's a heat+ site there lol
the mapmaker is lurking in this channel pm him your questions about suns
that guy is the opposite of the dril tweet about never logging off.
can you put the map here so i can look at it in game
since theres somehow still not a direct download function on snek
it's in the thread https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qvnolmot17gaw54ycqtbnbxlw98cqhed/view
is it uh 171 provinces
no of course not
it's 335 or something
big if true.
you want like 4-5 water nation and 20 nations total
set income to 10% ftw.
nice
the sun is a province
haha
sick.
does it have a site there
oh wait no
its not rip
garbage map.
you crushed my hopes and dreams
its province 0 jsut the enitre background
no connections
so it is a place you just can't go there
no province 0 is an unprovince
it‚Äôs connected to everything and nothing at the same time
hope there‚Äôs a throne there
lol
the purple flares are teleports
yaaas
so it's pretty well connected then
that's good
they are only 1-1 tho
not to all other purple flares
hmmm
eliminating everyone else on a planet is much harder then
huh
has there always been a gorge province type
err terrain
!unregister
<@190292302785150976>: removing user 190292302785150976 from game pankor
the differentiated water terrain is new w/ dom5
i can only see two purps.
jotun is good
theres the moon on the right
lots of water, blood, nature, death. bit of astral.
to the planet on the bototm right
40g researchers, lots of good thugs.
and then oh lol
that image is not the map
its very slightly different!
probably an earlier revision
the bottom left i think has a teleporter to anothrer moon
the top right cave planet has a set site of a great gold mine in one of its provinces
caves generally have shitty income that's probably fine
so cave planet isn't too poor
cave planet has very few provinces also
is ma abysia picked
they can be a cave faction and also completely fuck the game up
!details pankor

it is not
!list

cannot believe nobody has thought of this
you can fulfill your ac dreams
theres caves scattered around so i guess they could start someplace else
i am shinu monkee
it is written in stone
<@190292302785150976> why unregister?
dubious bless shinu
there any way to list games that are still awaiting players?
keeps swapping nations
and that's how to do it
pankor is waiting players
the only shinuyama bless that matters is unaging
the rest are whatever
morale bless is legit
trying on different nation frock
sigh, goddamnit
!register t'ien chi pankor
<@120675876043096066>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
no edits
you cannot edit to "fix" it
it doesn't spek edit
lol i hit up
and put "t'ien chi" in speach marks
or just t'ien
assuming it would work like irc
try register t
t'
!register t' pankor
<@120675876043096066>: registering ma t'ien ch'i for <@120675876043096066>
welcome to hell zone
the lobbys actually register correctly and error when there's more than one match
registering for an existing game still doesn't though
the idea of actually being able to play daoist space wizards was too powerful
bad news: the daoists are ea
you can still recruit the anywhere ones
those are buddhist reverends
you can tell by their w path from lifting entire willow trees
i understand that i am a celestial hegemony now
what should i call my space ship god
i'm slightly tempted to try out ma aby
lol if master of the way is not a daoist
strange reading on the scanners, monkee
hmm that would work. will probably spend an hour sperging on tests with its combat behavior in debug mod depending on paths
u got owned
gotta hit end turn 12 times every time
mod it to wake up at awake time
ez
can you even mod that
yes
that seems like the kind of thing that would be hardcoded
it is a mod command
https://twitter.com/catface_joe/status/958753168728477696
is game full
lol.
what god is your god <@!169456837236621312>
4 spots open
uttervast of course
they have not updated their living document mod manual lmao
why is no one using branwranle;
intergalactic adventurer
cause there's a lobby bot now
.dom5 unit uttervast
and branwrinkle wont update so the numbers are fucked forever
!unit uttervast
<@255835336083636234>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=uttervast&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
ty
is it on snek? idgi
it is here
!details pankor

why is everyone being a sneaky game hider
tell the robot who you want to play
it will be on snek
being sneaky by posting it in the forum and placing it into the lobby robot
any ma?
yes except pan and ermor
ah yes the lobby robote
also they didn't want me to be pelagia so im not now
!register aby pankor
<@159883716758470656>: registering ma abysia for <@159883716758470656>
fuck it
!status unchill70
!help
<@170392794706214912>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
!details unchill70

now to decide how i should build my pretender
it's an enormous game with lots of provinces it should be entertaining
i recommend everyone take a amphibious god
who can kill indies
because theres a fucking lot of water
yeah unless two more people take water there's going to be a lot of water available
i will probably not share unless you are someone like agartha who can actually do something about it
fuckin ell riidi
!register ermor unchill70
<@184675842432040960>: registering nation ermor for user <@184675842432040960>
!details unchill70

so i guess my options are erfsnek or worm
lich
or just  anything with water 1
that seems silly you are aby
just do aby things, namely fuck the world with ac
or that yeah
aby god = b10s6 great warlock
pray you start in a cave with xibalba and ice them instantly
sounds more my speed
nobody is even xibalba
is anyone mict land
yes
what would i  want for scales?
is jotuns here so someone can <:illwinter:372894192894214176> the whole solar system
besides d3
and h3
you don't want d3
why would you want d3
??????????
thought that was their gimmick
no
half effect
it's not a bonus. it's a penalty
half income effect
that is in ill winter's mind their gimmick
growth is half as good
it still kills population the same
half as bad death is still terrible
but death is not viable on an old fucker faction
and makes your old ass hole guys age old as fuck super hard
ah
it kills/grows pop half as much i think
and yeah the pop grow still works
i thought it was income and supply or something
but more important, old, and you don't want death bad events
fair enough
if you have death it precludes misfortune
d1 is safe, but full on d3 lmao no
abysia wants turmoil 1 b/c it is basically no rec point faction
hot 3
magic 3
misfortune three growth three
nothing else matters really since you dont get as much income as your should from growth
and you dont make troops
doesn't the pop growth still work full effect
or is that half too i should check but i am very lazy
who knwos
i hate blood
i don't? just straight sacreds?
very much
your sacreds are bad too!
summons then
you summon cross breeds
you make troops to expand and try to get out of them as fast as you can
which are incredibly talented and good
unless they are the bad ones
and sometimes make troops to punch indies ya
so does the warlock go in jail?
whats the best flavor to banish and smite
!register mari pankor
<@181529528307417090>: registering ma marignon for <@181529528307417090>
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/du5bs_5x0aomfb4.jpg
its earth, right?
when you're 'lucky.'
it's death or maybe nature
uhh
air or astral banish
except vs like tarts or something
this game has strong human representation
yum.
and nature smite i think
proper late game abysian army https://i.imgur.com/arwmxo2.png
ok but since you can't pick based on those i would say overall death i think
vs just skeletons air or astral banish is sick
for best balance of pretty reasonable
isnt death banish tiny
no it's like 4
h3 astral banish is like aoe 15
the bad boys of maggotry
having trouble working out how to fit b10s6 on a great warlock
actually do any of uttervasts attacks work on skeletons
it doesn't look like they do
you do not actually go b10
they are all no work on lifeless, no work on mindless
b4 or 5 would suffice
i suppose exist and dr is enough
and astral you can take at like 4 or 5 also
with a couple points of earth to make a coin with
them sprites remind me of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbjvqb9wg98#t=25s
great moment in television.
lucky to have your country turning into a hell hole
nah mate just go the spar
tfw ur lucky enough to have your competition be evil
so i suppose bless doesn't really matter much
bc they bad
finesse is cool
the bless you want is arcane finesse and blood surge
far caster is probably good for uhh
' and now "crapita" '   is a good pretender name.
what is thier not warlock mage
far caster would also be good
fireballs shoot a long way already
demonbred?
doesn't that extend strat range too
yeah but the accuracy thing
can you get away with 4 candles in dom 5
you could put a shroud on a warlock and shoot horrors farther
monkee not afaik
50% combat range
that's fucked up
if it's a 2 prov bonus on the strat map
that would be insanely good
does shoot far affect aoe on tune spells
or does it just not do anything since they are range 0
no
how would that even work? other than prophet or shrouded units, nothing is blessed on the map
not true
being autoblessed is a thing , chayots have it
some blesses work while unblessed. like water breath
pg prophet shrouded all might have interesting things to cast, also spread dominion units
i know some things like half dead work, but it explicitly says so
ok, that makes more sense
and also theres holy water or shrouds to be belssed all the time
im gonna do it. im gonna make a 4 candle pretender.
and spending 5s for a shroud to add finesse is basically giving you another pen booster to forge
that's strong
empower your juggernauts in fire as abysia to cast fires from afar - powerful
4 candles is okay if you have h2+
if you do not then i would not advise
this look decentish?

also it means you will need to make a fair number of h2 to control dom, which is fort turns you will be committing
more misfortune imo
how the fuck are you going to do anything early
mis3 t1 flip sloth to prod
go dom like 4 and slam that prod up
i haven't the foggiest idea, hence asking for advice
you can blood sac later
dom5ish is fine
i do not have h2
h2h2 productions
huh, weird, that didn't capture the current setup anyway.  weird screenshot program
dom4 with no ability to preach or sac sounds like bad times
lpristi take the minor mr away, dip into turmoil 1, take prod
you can get from s4 to s6 with a hat and a coin
at constr 6
even if you are not going to make troops produ is beter than order now becuase order is less money
you don't even need an ac god at all a warlock with s3b3 can do it very easily with one empower and some boosters

if this game isn't running silt maybe go d3 also
or no misf3
a w a k e a z i
awe withering done
https://puu.sh/zdstu/fb0bde665c.jpg
does ma abysia get like a bonus fire point or is it just ea aby gets bonus and none of the others
they do if you're at least f4
how much bonus. cause cheap awe is pretty great
1
so you have to buy like uhhh f6?
yeah
also i seem to remember from dom4 that turm3 misf3 was asking for death, is that no longer the case?
its even worse
don't take t3m3
no more than order or turmoil 1 with mis3
that's what jsoh is pushing up there lol
azi solves all problems
actually with f6d5 azi awe stygian i bet your dumbass sacreds work
https://puu.sh/zdt1v/d6e6a836ed.jpg here take a boring god
d5 is 2 negative scales
the sacreds have lots of armor already idk what stygian skin does for them
it adds base prot which layers
their innate prot is zero
with invuln 10 my stupid sauro lizards have like 21 effective body prot
abysians would be even higher, and they berserk
though i guess that 3 prot is not going to do anything
makes slamanders die less too i guess
they arent sacred
the mage
so do you drop , growth ,or production
oh
to get stygian skin
you could flip to death luck
so you could do t3
you cannot do turmoil luck
azi hungers for stat
https://puu.sh/zdtbp/725d832134.jpg
seems bad but who know
that is, quite awful i think
much like your posting
cut off a point of prod, and a point of heat. death to three luck to three magic to two
hot power on the sacreds tho hey
who cares they just expand
and block later maybe
they iwll be sad trying to expand in winter withot hot 3 dom pushing
!details

i don't think they'd care they will have awe and a billion prot
holy crap you might actually get 20 people
you madman
minus one strength would not hurt much
@pankor god registration is open. upload your gods!!
im getting scared
should i close it
and they actually fit 3 to a square unlike stupid ass burning ones so attrition should be low
but then i have death 3, which was real bad for abysia not ten minutes ago
i was thinking about joining this game like 7 hrs ago when i went into work and there were still only 3 signups
it still is
you need to research blood feast asap
if you join as the 18th i think thats all the starts available
they dont fit 3 a square lol
cyrle do !create like i said
do they have bad formation too
yes
!create
y
!create y
i'll do it
lmao. so 2 to a square?
i guess better than nothing
fucking abysia
what#s the address?
oh actually i can redo the server
is the real answer not going d5 and having better scales?
so that w ecan get 7 ench slots
hold on
d5 is vampires
scales are for coward babby
scales are mostly for babies anyway
you get cool fucking events with those scales
and azi can burn fire elementals with fire breath
azi kills fucking everything
no one will rush you that's pretty much assured
hmm if you prophet a king of fire
and he has major minor fire resist bless and the earth fire resist bless azi might not kill him
if we have 18 players how many thrones
yeah he would have to sigh and use his pile of melee attacks
probably like, 9 + 6 + 3?
less l1 more l2 imo
8 5 4?
king of lames actually has 69 fire resist nice
nice
azi could also break my space ship so i would probably not bother you
because if i bumped on accident i lose
idk ask in main channel
dw, i'm sure i'll fuck something up before we get to that point
it's pretty hard to fuck up with that guy
its acutally super hard to even lose an azi
it has 18 prot so doesnt really die to ranged stuff
and it kills any melee things before they get near it
if you follow candles you will have a thing with like awe fear fourteen
that fires a plasma torch out of its mouth
and can erase like 2 squares in melee per turn
you can kind of do whatever you can go with a cheaper god to have better scales
!details bad

samooooooogggggggg
antlion or gold lion
i started laughing like a balloon letting out air
as i saw that
haha
thrones for pankor
are w okay with 8 5 4??
all of the thrones
all of them
that is all of them
all of them is 20/15/10

please use the mu throne mod tia
final answer?
test it and see if you like it
i assume the azi will expand np probably see how your sacreds can do
i'd guess like 2 turns worth and a dude should be able to expand with no losses
as a bonus if you put in 45 thrones cataclysm takes fucking ages
yes a slow hell world death is perfect
<@184675842432040960> what are the settings for pankor gonna be? besides all da thrones
80 throne points 35 to win or some shit
idk
im making them now
more like, default indie strength and multipliers?
its 7 globals, common events, some story,  cata 69,  21 to win, default indies, sites, gems, research, resources, etc
all story ! all story!!!!
in a game like this it should be all for sure
thrones 10 6 4
<@255835336083636234> okay its up. i jad t ochange the name to pankor system
the address?
lmao i think the thrones defeated every horror attack this turn
snek.earth 30065
im testing how long cataclysm takes without any player intervention with 45 thrones
!details

!start snek.earth:30065
<@255835336083636234>: started!
!details

shit
lol
samooooooogggggggg
looks good question mark
it'll go back to normal when people upload
rofl is he samogging turn 4
and/or i fix it
samog has a job or something
that is incredibly next level
lmao so
with cataclysm the horrors kind of just sometimes hang out in the destroyed throne probince
<@184675842432040960> max throne imo the map is insanely huge
after they win
the maps not that big for 20 players
335 provinces
but it is big relative to number of thrones
bias the thrones for more big ones
level 1 thrones are boring as shit
also true
i did!
10/10/10
this guy gets it
thrones are stupid the point of the game is spiteful eliminations
thrones add more effects and variety
wizards, dumb shit bless things etc
what the hell thrones rule. the bonus a fax from level iii thrones make the game really epic
someone immediately claiming the throne of gaia or of bones and everybody flipping out about random attacks on them
yes exactly
claiming throne of gaia is sublime in huge games
i lost 6 provinces to indies in my ma man game
does gaia keep sending attacks if it keeps changing hands? because that could be a really good thing for two players to do
you send a global message of "fuck you" and claim it
had 10pd in all locations
throne of the deeps or whatever
no i think it fires once and calms down
the one that does nothing but let you make krakens
!details

okay at least more fixed
also instantly causes poploss to every coastal province in the game
hell yes
the turn its claimed
i wanna have it list the players that signed up but have not uploaded
but cba
tonight
taking the misfortune throne for that sweet pearl income and having your 50 province empire immediately be wracked by that events
throne of war and bones and gaia and beasts
fuck the planet random attacks for everyone
or someone sneaking onto the throne of creation and spiraling out of control
it looks like you get horror makred for being on thrones
high-level thrones for the win.
pankor system is a go!! upload your gods!!
during cataclysm
not just randomly
what are the throne settings kreil
nice so just defending is a death sentence
<@184675842432040960> what throne settings did you go with
!help
<@306995014578470916>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
10 6 5 i think
being a scout is a death sentence
!turns
that's one throne per 16 provinces
i thought you were gonna bias it towards level 3s
if my cap circle isn't all thrones you have failed
also that is less than 1 throne per player lol
!details
that is biased towards level 3s

wait no
one more
and also i never said that
someone else said that
as in something i should do
we meant like
and i internally thought wow haha finny joke
10 level 3s
5 level 2s, no 1s because who cares
you thought wow funny joke and then you said "i did"
it's right up there in the chat
5 3s is enough for anyone
there are 20 players dude
there are 17 players
so far. it may actually fill
i suspect it will
someone else join as water please
at least 1
how many points did you make it to win
21
blackjack
21/37?
slightly over half
what about 0/10/10, 30 pints to win
it took until early spring of year 4
what about you take your fucking turn riddy
for the game to end
i took my turn cryle.
hours ago
you can do flat half to win it's a big map
or even less than half slightly
so thats what 4 and a hlaf years
of cataclysm
if the big map is well connected, which this one looks like it is
a lot of hell turns
if it starts on turn 5 that's a little less than 4 years isn't it
turn 5 of years 0
yes
oh im
i would also like to lobby for more bigger thrones and a lower throne point victory threshold
real dumb
yea still like 30+ turns of hell
its not a democracy
its also a big pain to change thrones if you already made the thing
!details lmao

whats the server
whatever it's fine. as long as the settings aren't totally fucked it'll work
!details pankor

these games are always a shit show
!list

game will probably drag on to like turn 90 something
in absolute hell
so i got messages about hruvur agon kurgi and scabiel destroying thrones
umor the laziest horror
rarku too
get off the fucking couch
also they totally stick around in the province of the throne they took until they go someplace else to kill another throne
until they do that or horror desert
can people still join the game
now that its in pretender mode
please say no
cuz i think this map only has 18 start spots
if you enslave mind a horror during cataclysm does it stay
idk
you can test that yourself with some debug fun
probably safer to just soul slay anyways
they have really shitty effects for being in your province with your pile of throne defenders
people keep joining the donair cam voice channel
it would be hella cool if you mind control them and then they passively destroy the throne becuase they do that
they probably would
control them and they delete your throne
!details

they should make it so that units that get poisoned or on fire can't regenerate
<@170392794706214912> take your tunr (in the form of uploading your pretender)
but that would make poison good sometimes which is forbidden
noxious fumes is good in large battles
https://twitter.com/bodegacats_/status/958831169986007040
in that big cumshot battle where i send a hundred and fifty mages and like three hundred fifty eneimies died my mages had like 40 kills
it was all stink+wolfs + bugs
just kick anybody that do
the pythium way
anybody can connect to snek.earth directly
enormous stream of shitty garbage ftw
did you poison res your creeping dooms
i cast serpents blessing yeah
probably not late enough
powerful
!details

that's better
lot of games waiting on a last holdout
sad
the way of things
it's
i have joined the game
is that the wrong thing to do
also you can probably start the game and it only might crash with 18 start slots so long as every single other province isn't #nostart
sounds good
are you pangaea or ermor
no im powerhouse nation shinu
nice
!details

lmao i just saw the pankor map
wow look at that, the guy who registered late, has redeemed himself, by uploading his pretender early.
pankor wants moar war
!details pankor

join pankor, willus
.tag riidi turn staller
pankor looks interesting with its chokepoints
the way i see it there's 4 main battle areas, the two big planets to the south, the cluster in the middle, and the cave/ring/space area to the north
.tag cryle liar and welsh
‚Äúi would love to be able to bring back our country into a great form of unity,‚Äù trump said. ‚Äúwithout a major event where people pull together, that‚Äôs hard to do. but i would like to do it without that major event because usually that major event is not a good thing.‚Äù
tfw no 9/11
its cool that some of the chokes are water so almost everyone whos not me can get fucked
he said he added a bunch of north/south edge connections
damn pantokrator system filled up fast
<@96715337440952320> first patala and now shinuyama?
you are using all the nations dearest to me
and i hope you win
<@137182727161118720> i hope we can secure peace between us because gosh darn i really dont wanna start making kappas again and going into the water
nuclearmonkee is going to win
lets be real.
is that like 17 players
there really needs to be at least 1 hopefully 2 more water nations
rip marignon, i was about to ask if i could invade you
sudden accidental battle with nazca
hell i might go ai at this point
this is a comedy of errors
whoever wins does so by default
i think we are at 18
you should play
i blame utgard
what a bastard
<@96715337440952320> i hadn't noticed the divine insights on the priests, that's actually really nice because i always run out of things for them to do.
re: yomimod
sorry, i would have stuck it out but i didn't really have a conceivable way to get ai ragha off my cap and i didn't feel like philandering 20 turns with no cap before someone decided to off me
i totally missed my pretender got "god of patience"
that's great
oh yeah, how the hell do command points work now?
poorly
no i am good
what is "crapita"
your posting
like, do you get more from adjacent provinces like prod?
gah.
no
every province has 1
jeremy corbyn is very fortunate to have my posting
but forts can add more
depending on forts
oh, but you can build over multiple turns?
default palisades give 1, then most upgraded levels give +1
yes
got it
no
yes.  please don't break all my guys legs
palisades give none
oh i guess its just the default level
was gonna say
only special cool gamer palisade give 1
you can't get to 3 unless you have citadels
i meant to say "you have 1 with a palisade"
or some other weird special case bullshit i'm sure someone will whip out
mictlan and ur get 1 point with their palisade
because ur is special and gets hella huge forts
and because mictlan is special and doesnt get to upgrade their palisades
and tax rates are gone?
and yomi gets just regular palisades and never gets a second command point eat shit yomi
weren't they gone in dom 4?
and replaced with admin
yeah tax rates been gone
admin always existed
!details

and that tells you how long since i've played
the fort from 3 red seconds gives 2 command points and also from wizard tower
these fukkin undead events
clear eyes full hearts can't lose
fants go back and forth
i say "ask" because it looked like you were going down
getting limpier and limpier
stomping literally the same guys over and over
seriously fuck whoever claimed the undead throne
offering a 20 gem bounty of your choice other then blood slaves to the person who clears that throne and doesn't claim it
i think it's at 13
how many ghosts do i need to kill 7 trolls and a kraken
now i need to decide if i'm going for major bless or minor blesses as ys
you should go for all of the blesses
current thought: shrug
i also need prod 3 because my sacreds are expensive as fuck
you just need a single hekateride atlanton
it's ys. you have one strategy: make your dumb sacred
yeah thats hilariously out of my current reach
do you actually need more nations or is that a sick joke?
do i need to give my hecktaride a sword or something?
the ys strat is actually cast haunted forest and defend your dominion with thousands of swans
i am super tempted to go for quickness
probably have to cast the animal berserk spell to get the swans to not run away
atlanton probably. with just hands theres a good. chance she routs to timer
pan also gets only palisades and east shit, except that they can make forts with a magic spell and also get half price labs and temples in forests
we genuinely need water nations
or else nuclearmonkee will have an easier than usual time waltzing to victory
yeah. yomi has awful research but they can natively cast wizard fort if they somehow can research it
*while building one researcher every two turns* someday my forts will come
!details unchill70

jsoh, what do i make for my research bitch
more melia obamas?
gah
you get on land asap and make hammers and quills and lanterns
to give to your ghosts philosophers
it was very enlightening when someone posted that resources were supposed to accumulate like gold and then they just didnt do that
also fort every province
hahaha
where do we upload our pretenders?
willus
join <#408263295540133908>
snek.earth:30065
thanks
how many slots are left and what stupid/fun nations are left to play
four hundred twenty
that seems excessive
!details pankor

!help
<@170392794706214912>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
uhh nations that are left... correct me if im wrong but it hink its pythium man ulm tien chi machaka caelum vanarus ctis bandar log ashdod uruk xibalba oceania atlantis
and it's just ma right
yeah
no pan, no ermor, no pelagia
it would be cool if half the fuckers that signed up uploaded
then we would know for sure which nations are free
man uploads started an hour ago get off my dick
and i haven't even played dom 5 yet
oh boy
i hope people caught that battle on pythium cap this turn lol
isnt he rlyeh? it'll be fiiiiiiiiine
sorry friend. it's my frustration with one aspect of a very good and free thing
how do you even connect to the discord retarde post server
you are here
grats
to use the bot you ask samog !help
and it says stuff
dude
are you fucking kidding me
how is this better
!register ulm pankor
<@110124675580862464>: error: could not find nation starting with ulm. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
you have to use some retarded shit that gets pushed off your screen
son of a
instead of the shit we been using fuck you
whisper the bot
what port is pankor on
^
see
why is it so stupid
instead of ulm be c'tis or idk, mermen
ulm kicks ass
snek.earth:30065
why cant i be ulm
are you ulm
you can be ulm
be ulm
thank you
but you might have an underwater start
just saying
lol
be ulm and be part of the human alliance i am forming
the fuck are you talkin about
theres 14 start spots and 4 water starts in pankor
let no human wage war upon any other human
seek not to bar our way
for we shall win through no matter the cost
and pelagia is banned right
pelagia is banned if you are the kind of person who knows how to play pelagia
lol
i think thats a fair middle ground
i can't imagine it's hard
cryle are you "non human"  the sa poster
no
whomvever are you
permabanned poster 'cryle'
ownde
maybe ill pick a pretender with gift of water breathes
is that a real thing
how does that even work
is it like enlarge where its always on
yes
noice
i dont want to play oceania that looks dumb
*remakes pretender*
dont pick a water nation
fight a deathly scrap on land and go ai b4 you pick a water nation imo
gonna try and find that 'boil the ocean' mod that casts wrath of god but just underwater
who is better at expanding raven or dog
nvm its the linnomr
dragon w 3 heads, bird, or stupid dog.
just 1 head, but big farts
i picked dog in the game i hellwarred monkee and it was p good (for killing indies during turn 1-10)
i wish it was the three headed dog as opposed to other dog
<@181529528307417090> pretender "humans first" created
because earth magic gives protection whereas water gives lameness
water gives frost resist right?
v. tired.
helheim's throne (statistics -> thrones of ascension)
time to spend 500g on pd! woot! i love pd!
yes u idiote
what if it gave... defense!?
*mind triple explodes*
please help me lead the meta on stacking attack so you can hit the asshole ponymen who are assuredly invading you
!register ulm pankor
<@110124675580862464>: registering nation ulm for user <@110124675580862464>
water used to give defense actually
and you could take a ghost king with a bunch of water and expand because nothing ever hit him
okay i tested and the ai doesn't like leech touch enough so fuck to s6b4 uttervast
!details

jesus christ is that all 20
selling 11 blood slaves for gold or gems
!details

it was good
they should bring that back.
at the same time they changed that they vastly increased gk cost too so no one used him ever again
<@255835336083636234> how do you see what people registered as after the game is uploading so people know what is unpicked or do you expect us to be less dumb and start games after htey fill
scroll up
mekone
mqqone
i will not
pankor has 20 people
powerful
i have uploaded my god
!details

everything has gone to hell tbh
i'm surprised noone has done an apocalypse wish yet
<@137038752370524161> <@120675876043096066> <@303193134026981389> <@185694323407454218> if we all try our hardest we can have turn one tonight!
yeah i'm deciding between two builds right now
did we get an underwater?
ok uhh
i dont mean to alarm anyone, but i have received very strong instructions to absolutely limit the game size to 14+4 or else.
so the game is going to start as soon as we get a 14th land nation.  we are at 12.
is anyone actually winning on thrones?  
like are we expecting multiple magic teleportation armies to steal all the thrones for the win, or is it going the way of who-goes-ai last hellwar?
@pankor
or something
what
why
i launched pretender mode at 17, people kept joining. blame them.
that's fine but
what's wrong with 20?
l0ki says it fucks up the map really badly
the map is already gonna be fucked
because there's the wrong number of water nations
fine, i'm in
!details

oh thank god
apparently son of the sea is still a garbage expander
embrace chaos
let it go to 20
some people will die rapidly / go ai immediately anyway
yeah thats true
there's no way it's gonna be fair or balanced
okay
you have convinced me
fuck l0ki
does xibalba start n the water
based on my extensive testing of 'loading up a game as them' no
oh, what do the different colors of connections mean?
okay i will change to atlantis if we get 2 more land regs before midnight
this is all new and strange
what water nations are left?
atlantis, pelagia
oceania
also i think
oceania
ive never played a water nation, between the 3 of them which is most ftw and fun and cool and good
does ur want blood slavs
hm looks like not really
definitely atlantis i'd say
is oceania the one that is underwater pan?
though maybe ma pelagia is fun, they definitely have a dumb lategame thing they can go that breaks the game
i think yeah
okay well im not going to be pelagia with the caveat that i am not allowed to do the cool pelagia thing
oceania is probably cool too actually i dunno
oceania looks suspiciously like pangaea but with fins
blood doesn't work underwater
so that's one difference
they also can't swarm with their dryads
instead they just water elemental
why is the guy named atlanton
not playing a water nation
üá®üá≤ üîõ
yeah helheim just has built in thugs
yeah im going to switch to atlantis
mt
yeah ill just switch to atlantis now
taking one for the team
lol
trying to make a god i don't hate now
blood doesnt work underwater?
yikes
you can't blood hunt underwater
https://a.vidga.me/ltfwqb.jpg
8 daysssssssssssssssssss
uuuugghh
can we be done with this turn extension timer
!details unchill70

there should be shark mages who blood hunt underwater
silly gandjalf, that was one of my provs before the undead took it
sorry about the bump, gandjalf
there should be, but aren't.
also, jesus christ
that is terrifying
rivers which can freeze
or mountain passes which can thaw in heat
ah, cool
the blood of men is pure, filthy fish man blood is worthless
fish are a white meat
<@&406712403783319553> bandits of the marsh ep 6 https://synchtu.be/r/teevee
who has the tv role anyway
isnt lubluini the real lifer anyway, where's sloth at
<@181529528307417090> <@!177843734656974848> <@!195254924798328833>
<@106956077291024384> <@120675876043096066>
i never really checked steam but it looks like there are a couple cool premade maps on there
!details

ancient kraken has scale walls
naturally, but no assassinate
so he can, uhh, just, take off during a siege? i guess?
can he assault like that?
you know i don't know
says assassination, seduction, or similar
also remember the pact of the uw nations
kill every other uw nation but me i mostly live on land we cool
is there a water version of super falling fires
like, uhh, snow from the sky
oh yes there is and it is called niefel flames. woot.
yeah but like all good evocations it's land only
yeah, gg
!details

!details

!register atlantis pankorsystem
<@184675842432040960>: error: could not find the game
!register atlantis pankor
<@184675842432040960>: registering nation atlantis for user <@184675842432040960>
!unregister arco pankor
<@184675842432040960>: removing user 184675842432040960 from game arco
!details

!unregister arco
<@184675842432040960>: removing user 184675842432040960 from game arco
!unregister pankor
<@184675842432040960>: removing user 184675842432040960 from game pankor
!details

welp
meksivik do you want to play on pankor
caveat you might have to be arcosephale
farkosephale
im switching to a water nation in the interest of balance
!register atlantis pankor
<@184675842432040960>: registering nation atlantis for user <@184675842432040960>
!details

<@233383745779007499>
!details'
!details

how bad is o1p3c1g1m3d2 in terms of triggering bad events
the big gem fuck you is drain 3 right?
turn extension will go down friday
no idea where sloth is though
the 8 days is just a handy "i typed in random hours"
glad im not playing
imo
clownjoe
how horrible
ya
damn ireland that's a lot of little sidhes
what happen.
<@110869804197351424> damn you i wasa t choir pra ctice
destroyed
do you want the tv tag
yes
also <@184675842432040960> i havent looked at the turn yet, but, interested in giving me 30 gold apiece for 20 of my gems
granted
<@170392794706214912>: fuck you, im going to cast burden of time next turn.
<@184675842432040960> were you going to start the game at midnight
what time zone are you in
i was
i gotta fix the arco/atlantis problem now
!details

ahh, human
basically i gotta find a sub
next time try not fucking up
huh? who pissed in your cereal
as a great man once said, why you heff to be mad?
apparently everyone is attacking me for casting wrath of god
as opposed to attacking me because, well, everyone just attacks me for no reason all game and has done so all game.
well, i'm not, and in fact i made you a trade offer just now!
vans of the ams, its time they made a move
no hard feelings
buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuts
cast foul air too
i think you could hav naksu delete the god also
thanks for not starting game at midnight, i'm still figuring out my god
you have all the good blood crosspaths if you can empower enough hunters
i cast some foul air today ill tell you what
didnt pick a good lunch
i will start it tomorrow since theres 4 missing uploads
and also im sleepy
and ive been sort of half doing this stupid shit all day
what the fuck is this
welcome... to discord!
what an incredible app this is
who is this guy
is he new
i can read 6 messages at a time
no cryle you are new
6 whole lines of text
im not new. im  senior regular. i even host games.
ive been playing since dominions 3
do you want to play dominions 5 in space
tell me more
i need a turn 0 fill
you have to be arcos or atlantis
two great nations
that sounds like regular dominions 5
already tried that cryle
i was thinking there was some great new video game you wanted to share with me
and <@264039348494794754>  you can edit settings to be compact
irc is compact by default
https://i.imgur.com/krjinmb.jpg
heres the map https://i.imgur.com/krjinmb.jpg
god damnit jerek
whoa okay
yes, heaven forbid you have to touch settings
thats a cool map
how many players is this game
uhh
18?
i think it's 20
and ma pelagia was already claimed?
is this hosted on snek
yes
we agreed on no pelagia i think
i want to be pelagia
will you... not armageddon us
someone said "im gonna be pelagia and wish for more wishes" and everyone else made the reddit face, and now nobody can be pelagia
i will give you 1 guess as to why i want to play pelagia
yeah we already made monkee not be pelagia
okay but is the armageddon timer on atleast
im in 4 games and i've barely had any turns in 3 days, i've got the turn shakes. still, i dont think i can do a 5th unless it's temporary
tur 69
69
okay il be atlantis
and figure them out as i go
ty
i will resign to not be casting cool wishes
!unregister pankor
<@184675842432040960>: removing user 184675842432040960 from game pankor
unless it as a loss
type !register atlantis pankor to register
because the bank of pelagia will now let me invest my pearls
not*
i really need to do that as a game
start the bank of pelagia
and get people to trust me with their pearls
and pay them interest
and actually be honest about it
i would get in on the ground floor of your ponzi scheme if i can cash out before it pops
need a global enchantment that creates a magic item auction house
bank opens when i research alt 9
okay tell me how to join this game
and also how do i keep track of it
the bot pms you whenever theres a new turn
!list

bitpearls
cryle - yesterday at 11:59 pm
type !register atlantis pankor to register
whats the name of the game
pankor
there is a game channel if you scroll down the channel list
dominions was changed forever when a totally honest pretendergod became a pearl broker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=kbr1sxije1u
would trust this man with my peals
do u guys think magic gems are really big or really small
i used to imagine them as, like, fist sized.  but now i think they're tiny.
wait wait wait
oceania is open
is anyone oceania?
nope
cryle uploaded a god and doesn't want to bother naksu to delete it
but
cryle fucked up hte game and wants to avoid having to fix it
i did bother naksu
why you trying to railroad me into atlantis then
naksu is asleep
we should just wait for naksu to delete atlantis
yeah if he wants to be oceania
i played oceania twice in dom4 and it was awesome
i invaded someone with nothing but sirens onec
so you're saying atlantis is the new shit
once*
on a gamble that he put 1 pd in every province
and it worked
has atlantis changed at all since like dom 3
i dont know, i just never played ma atlantis
they have really big mages
from any water province
like, better at water magic than the queens of water
their mages are beefy water mages
yeah their 2 cp mage feels like a str but hes not
why would i want beefy water mages
they communion
they can walk on land
they are beefy water+fire mages
and cast all the acid spells
so they have recruit anywhere acid rain
yeah but
i want to fuck with people using sirens
don't they also have lobsters?
yeah, they can thug and drop acid rain on people it's their one thing
i think that ea?
this game have any mods?
no
ma has lobsters
they can do really big falling frost too
ma atlantis has lobsters
war lobsters
imagine an elephant two sizes smaller and 0 prot.. but morale is fixed
and if the rider dies they become stupid
stupid dont hit themselves anymore
thats an atlantis buff
so be sure to only send 1 lobster at a time so they can't kill each other
ok is the registration done
did we do it
doe sthis game now habve 222 players
slots
players slots
it might be only 19; that might be okay
!details

if i forget my password
which bot do i talk to get the rot13 of it
dont forget your password idiot
!register arco pankor
<@184675842432040960>: registering nation arcoscephale for user <@184675842432040960>
!details pankor

how do i een join the game
how come four of the poeple are just numbers
!register oceania diabl0658
<@264039348494794754>: error: could not find the game
you say !register nation pankor
the robot can see your name silly
the robot also doesnt read edits
im not editing it
discord is editing it
yes you are
because irc is better
if you press up in discord it works as edit last
very sad
alright
im going to take my hand off of my keyboard
to use my mouse
so i can copy and paste my editted message
!register oceania pankor
<@264039348494794754>: registering nation oceania for user <@264039348494794754>
this guy is basically the essence of a water nation player
okay so all we need to do is get rid of atlantis
and all problems solved
well, aside from the 5 people who have not uploaded
fuck them
we can start without them
^^^^^^^^^
we shouldnt, but we could
basically, its not a problem for us that they havent uploaded
!details

<@120675876043096066> <@303193134026981389>  that guy is going to start a game without you having uplaoded to it! hurry!
he needs to wait for naksu to wake up
yeah theres plenty of time
and its only 19 players, in an 18 player map
im sure it can handle it
who knows when that will be! elves dont sleep very well
i love that production gives more gold than order now
what the fuck
its bullshit
why is there a crown next ot my name
fuck you discord
all hail king of the losers
so now i always go production 3
and as oceania i think i might just spam those full armor super satyrs
does pankor use mods?
because i dont like mods
theres no mods
i feel like shitty nations should just stay shitty
just a big ass map
and let people figure out how to make them work
the mods are the lessons we learn along the way
i uploaded
all ages mod is the most correct mod though
since when does the demilich get a head slot
thats incredible
forums are down, where will i get my late night shitposting fix
<#372502464705986566>
all ages mod is good
1details
!details

!details

!details

!details

wow lotta deads in this game
<@120391130536738816> or is it just one sidhe. you have no way  of knowing! illusions.
agartha about to be dead too
been a deadly game
how do i upload? cant see shit on brainwrinkle
!list

<@184675842432040960> lmao never sleep if you wanna ride with goons
how do i upload my pretender
<@303193134026981389> just connect to the sever ingame
the address/port are what the bot posted
connect to the server
burden of dispel (please?)
snek.earth:30065 could not be found
meokne
*mekone
we're cooking with gas boiz
last turn i had 10/11
and my god tepeported into 600 monkeys and got no kills
damn
<@303193134026981389> on the connect screen the first one is just snek.earth
then you put the port in on the enxt one
!details

<@184675842432040960> want me to remove atlantis?
wait atlantis being there means that there is an atlantis god uploaded i think
cryle can just set them as ai?
now i'm 8/11
<@255835336083636234> i did it! hell yess
death to flesh sacks
it's dom5.snek.earth
although he may have made it default to dom5 now
snek.earth is fine
hm there uh
might be a lot of nostarted provs
on that map
map may actually be unwilling to launch with more than 14 land nations / more than 18 nations overall
i got the same start every time i tested. im create
cheater
??
map testing is cheating
if you say so
also though i got nagot gick fel when i tried to make it do 20 randoms
it worked with 14 lands and 4 waters though
then take some of the nostarts away from the map and reupload it bing bong very simple
i'm not convinced that i can win long term vs nasca though, so many fucking fire shield ghost birds.
!details

i was eating krusty burgers. funny as hell it was the most horrible thing i could possibly think of.
i will take my turn within several hours
!details

!details

i'll do mine at the last minute
why does not uploaded not tell us what nation it is that hasnt uploaded
also whats with the names being messed up
in a machine learning lecture just now, will take my turns in an hour or so
1) i haven't gotten around to it yet, and also they could upload something different anyway
2) discord
write a ml algo to  play dominions
just need a few tens of thousands of games, and work out which are the best decisions to make
they signed up to eriu
how long before it learns to go ai turn 1
the only winning move
servers are up
<@184675842432040960> does the map actually start successfully with the nations selected
!details pankor

i've had my finger on the armageddon button a few times
but üíé
i'm too obsessed with the nazca solution to use the final solution
pancake.
taking my turns now, will try my hardest to be on top. but trying to figure out what to do about my game as ea caelum in theodoros
take the turn or go ai are strong strats
!details

im awake
r u rdy
for the ultimate msp
okay, if i don't think i can keep on top any more, i'll go ai.
<@190292302785150976> you appear to have made a mistake. province 44 is 16 move away from my capital and thus belongs to me.
yeah!
we doing faerun instead?
<:mindless:372893818397130752>
oh no
hold on i didn't get the starting spot i wanted i mean there's a bug
there are so many nations on the board that i can't see how many rec points my own units cost lmao
lol rip im dead in lanights
this stupid forest means i cant actually even defend my cap circle in a single move
and boing just moved three provinces to defend because its all plains
nice job reading the map
can i have all your struff
i dont have any stuff
if im actually about to die maybe i will send you my 6 gems
sounds like we're in for the typical custom map experience!
im going ai because i'm not waiting another 4 days to do a turn which is "queue up units to fight dark vines" i think
can i have all your stuff
post ur starting planet yall
a disgusting man with a ponytail is shaving the donair log!!
no
i'm on the water planet
which one?
!details

the one that has a bunch of water
clearly
there are two
huh
sounds like a puzzle!
don't worry i'm on the case
the big one
or hte very big one
it's not small
turn on your monitor.
yay for having a throne in my capcircle
i'm too lazy to figure out where you are
oh dang my big mage is... so costly lol
390 gold
yeowch
my expensive mage costs 420
it's pretty nice
tell me which nation so i can make their small mage 69 gold in a balance patch
my expensive mage is 195 lol eat shit! ycs bitch!
ys
oh right.. .them...
maybe i'd do the swanherds at 69 gold but the swans are sacred
they also only cost 40
the swans don't seem to be sacred though
you are all like tiny babies
850g or bust for my big mage
hi yomi
swans are not sacred in vanilla no
i suggested a #semisacred tag which would give things the non incarnate blesses but they didn't go for it
the_malqui_buyer
.tag bug squash malqui_boyer
some good homeless dog rescue videos on the 'tube today
!details

[3:59 am] mu: i was eating krusty burgers. funny as hell it was the most horrible thing i could possibly think of.
beautiful day is ruined by a small worthless cock

it's open season on small cocks. girls hate them. ava is enjoying the sunny day relaxing poolside. she's unaware a pervert is underneath her lawn chair. suddenly, the pervert pushes his penis through an opening in the middle of the chair. she's shocked! not that a random dick is between her legs, but just how small it is. ava's treatment of the under sized penis is extremely cruel. she repeatedly yelled, get bigger, get harder, to the tiny cock. nothing happened! the small dick had one last chance at redemption, a chance to make up for being so utterly worthless to women. the small penis failed. the kind of load ava had wished for didn't cum to pass. even though her vagina was soaked with semen, it wasn't good enough. ava attacked the small dick, stroking it long after orgasm tormenting the super sensitive hea
scoville statistics hanging in the air. time slowing down to show off my bites.
wtf
honestly everyone other than jennifer seems to be awful at shaving the donair
hurray i'm in the middle of the map
also forests are fucking impossible to see
yay
i might take a leaf out of dastactic's book and put the map into tabletop simulator
mark all the provinces etc, just so i know what is going on
seems like effort though
wtf
what an insane thing to do that would be lmao
paint at least
otherwise i gotta remember or recheck every time which are forests
dude who the fuck is scree
im in awe
https://puu.sh/zepz0/378d02973c.jpg holy fucking shit
https://puu.sh/zepzp/43bb637099.jpg its turn six holy shit
w t f
i keep telling you man, watch out for those barbs
.jpg
im just
fuckin baffled
really
kick that guy's ass.
barbarians are strong
attacks with poisoned weapons against fire shields deal fire damage for both the weapon strike and the poison damage
you can also click on the province
you can replace the map image with a color-coded one by province type
at least that seems like it would work
bake me a cake bake me  cake bake cake cake  cake
its back up <@282646158218756116>
host keeps coming down today
if that game turned i means i possibly got to fight the jomons and send them to their fucked up anime afterlife
it did
jon joe is refusing to play ball and give in to my demands so i must kill all mans that exist
well you and boing's merciless bullying has ended bogarus
so maybe if you just bully jonjoe hard enough u win
he took a 14k pop province thats 16 move from my capital and his defense of this indefensible action is "its not your cap circle"
p fucked up
pythium cap circle is a circle drawn around all provinces within 16 map move of your house
ok fck it. im on pankor 3. the dessert planet. and it is. delicious.
ok, guess i don't need to care about you!
everyone mock cryle
p fucked up that im not ceding a 108 gold province for free
same
you get a nap and to keep your horsies !
ill show you horsies
i know what horsies look like silly
you never made any attempt to negotiate! you didnt even respond
b/c i'd rather just kill you obviously
you are incapable of killing me
i guess well find out
jonjoe i very politely ceded a more than 108 gold province to you for free!
that was in my cap circle
technicality
literally
this is also in my cap circle
incorrect
you also still have indies
i also ahve an army that was designed to kill twice as many horsies, with crossbow support
don't wastelands have increased site counts?
yes
good for you
you should all play nicely together
we may laugh now, but when he has twice the gem income, who will be laughing then?
<@!160127200803160064> did you come face me in honorable combat
me!
with the gems.
btw, what's the movement cost for uw?
or did the animes hide while i wander around taking land and stuff
1 tile always 1 tile never more than 1 tile
the animes killed my scout
at least it feels like that
v. rude
oh did he just patrol
ill just walk around then and take stuff
no
sometimes i've been able to go through water onto land
that was his pd
powerful
all *calculates* 60 points of it
lmao
i am defeated
our giants cannot defeat pd of that magnitude
attacking the homeland of anime is impossible
millions will die
thats why we needed the bomb
pankor 3 is the jungle planet not the dessert planet
i will surround them and devour their land until anime capital stands alone
though curiously all of the land is still held by indies so im not sure if i should clear his cap circle or not
a powerful strategy
not pictured: dying to having no gold income for a year
im willing to offer you one hundred gold, for the opportunity cost involved in taking my province by accident
do ask about things you can't find a counter for.  it's a brutal learning curve but learning is the important part
<@169456837236621312> what game
jsoh im not entertaining offers for the province while you still have indies
ok then im just going to take it
if you want to resolve this peacefully, that opportunity only comes if you take those two indies first
we are in a state of eternal peace
god bless our brave boys in brown
wait no
dont bless them nooooo
how do i beat pan???
*extremely illwinter voice* you dont
you cant
win the game instead
i was going to kill those indies but some jerk ruined it
i guess i will be forced to march endlessly towards that farm cluster and take all of those with my unstoppable armies
please post screenshots when said armies implode
ive never lost a battle in my life
!details pankor

is there a reason things don't line up
oh yeah
be real careful that you are going to the right province
or else you might go to the wrong province
i mean in the details thing
ithink this conflict will force me ot leave one of those indies alone as its ablative
<@177579426849095682> this is indeed the learning curve.  you'll kill me eventually, but getting bloodly along the way teaches you what to look out for next time
idk
i think this is the first time the map has actually received a playthough
with a full house
which particular bit of not lining up are you talking about <@378746941980278795> ?
if your screen is too narrow it just becomes 3 columns
that's probably it
i haven't figured out a better way
which is weird, because there's plenty of dead space
if i try monospace, then the names don't show properly
this way it looks great on web but doesn't really work at all on mobile
could you print rows then columns?
no, discord's embedded messages don't work like that
i _could_ calculate all the column sizes and pad it with spaces myself
but right now i can't be bothered
yeah, right now everything is off by a couple pixels or something
and i'm not convinced it'd work anyway
oh yeah there's also the vertical space which is a little overlapping
no idea about that, that one is all discord
really the best thing to do would be reimplement brainwrinkle, but that's a lot more work i'm guessing
i actually have no idea how to take on pan either
fuck brainwrinkle its useless and trash
yeah one of the reasons i did a discord bot was because i couldn't be arsed with any of that shit
i hate web dev
and it's not like my website would be better than discord is
any less bad i mean
green connections are roads right?
if so does that improve movement through water as well?
probably
roads are 4 move tiles
or, -2, to a minimum of 4? idk
https://image.ibb.co/jrikob/vhakisgood.jpg
greetings fellow residents of pankor 4
wow what are you doing on the dumbo planet
for lame uw nations
being dumb
and lame
not impressed with lots of these pretender names
i think i can be friends with shinuyama
and agartha
all caps nuclear weapons is also a friend
who is on sand planet
lets commiserate about how we'll b allis and conquer teh glaxy
!details
<@184675842432040960>: error: could not find the game
good. thats fine.
nobody is with you, yomi
both of the ways off of pankor four to the moon are blocked by thrones
damn, why oh why didnt i do 10/10 thrones
on the southern hemisphere at least
yomi should end agartha's civilization
if you're on one of the big planets you probably will be infighting for years anyways
incorrect
all big planet people will go ai
i will instantly lay waste to my enemies actually
i say this as someone not playing
so im an unbiased opinion
im excited to see who wins between pythium and nazca
i mean, all pythium has to do is make hydras, right? there is 0 counters to hydras from nazca
are they the adjacent start nations
depends on nazca bless
what bless would work
also you get one hydra per turn
anything involving fire. anything involving shock
yeah. so one turn now, attack on t2
you misspelled kerbal space program
i did not
my god is a collection of balls
harry on
you don't want to be friends with humans first?
no. my goal is to explore the solar system and conquer the moon
imo the map would be better if the background was connected to every other province in the game
desert planet owns
is it possible to start in the middle of the desert surrounded by other deserts
oh god the middle is highlands
don't think so, all starts are defined
condolences to desert planet inhabitants
are roads still in dom5
can you build roads over highlands
yes as map features
oh
no you can't build them because ???
lame
they should add a magic item auction alongside the mercenaries
mostly level 0 and 2 items
that'd be fucking sweet actually
only if i can throw my shit into the auction
that would also be cool
make more mercs that are a single badass dude
with sweet gear
imo
congratulations! after auction house fees you've made 3 gold for your wolf pelt
although now that i think about it i don't like player auctions as it could get crowded with junk
just trinkets and so forth alongside the mercenaries would be the sweet spot i think
dwarven hammer is const2
that's fair, but on the rare occasion it does come up could be interesting
and it's not game breaking if someone gets one cheapish
i think that'd be the only low level item i can think that'd be really bad
bot should not be spamming this much what the heck
whats better on a vanjarl
mace of eruption or stone bird
stone birb
why not have both tho
mace is cheaper
you know ain't nothin changed but my limp
theyre both 10 gems but i can use the air for better stuff i guess
what kind of idiot has a vanjarl and spends full cost on forging?
i have hammers as well
but hammer turns a 10 gem thing into an 8 gem thing and a 5/5 gem thing into a 4/4 gem thing right
yes
here is a screen shot of my preferred vanjarl gear https://i.imgur.com/r3enqiz.png
sometimes, to increase their effectiveness i will even put two in a square the same gear
that guy can kill many pd
but i bet a guy with a stone bird can kill infinity pd
if they have placed infinity pd you won
sauro is casting tattoo spell i dont know why
i have magic weapons
that is a compelling point
i am counting down to evo5 thau3
d10 demilch teleport shadow blast yes please
it is probably safer to just die and not cast returning isn't it
so i don't get lost in time and space. that seems like it would fuck me and kill my bless
it is one percent so obviously it would happen immediately
if you dont plan to retreat you can shadow blast like 3 more times
!details

blugh
https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/879748069814765743/65456db610ad72d02a8d0202f8aeb5654404bf12/
reasonable idea: dont site search at all, until you get conj6
siltymod game has no fuckin sites i swear to god
i have no gems so i guess its time to harvest every peasant in my land for blood now
i want my fucking turns
and i want them now
!details

hey why does it say im not submitted
i submitted
oh
submit turn
so in this game is it possible to reach province zero?
!details

will astral projection reveal sneakers
how do i get elf
you cant
i will get elf
get elf with the bane venom charm
elf can heal afflictions with a modicum of effort
supposedly no
ooh
thats a good idea
eyes of god reveals sneakers
why wouldnt astral projection
what if i intentionally get lost in space and end up there
can you use birds to patrol out elf
or shit, wolves
wolves are cheap
just get like, 80 of them
congratulations you've caught a province no one cares about
hey, that's a good idea.
related note, cryle, my offer is still on the table.
i remember a dom 3 game where you ruined my escape to the isolated province
you beat me the turn right before my fort went up
im ermor
i dont think i have a single point of n
which province was that
oh wait i remember something like that
some random map, it had no connections
surrounded by mountains
back when teleporting there actually worked
exactly
what did the fort going up matter
!details

i could summon dipossessed spirits. like, fifty of them.
rgrvet!!!!! reee!!!!!
or did i take the province?
it would have been very hard fo you to storm it
you took the province
it would have been very hard to storm it
for you
i was hoping you'd have some sweet stuff camped outside my isolated fort
then i could laugh and laugh until the game ended
i once found mount chaining in an isolated province
that was kinda neat
40% blood discount!
whoa
send horror is blood 9 now
and takes s5b4
doesnt this game have 50% blood discount site
yeah just don't cast it probably
kind of lame
i think dom 3 had a 60% site
which i've never found
gat dang
are you going to ever bother casting ac and taking the thrones
alrighty lets see some prophet names
oh, prophet names
i always forget
is 17 prot enough to fight zotz
opps forgot to rename
huge scrubs spotted
are kulullus strong?
'sgt anime pederast', not bad
they are like big fish guys
with spears
actually the province is like 10 income its not worth it to lose the resources
jebediah kerman ftw
oh baby a turn 2 event on my cap, lets see what it is
huh, none of my candles spread
i have 5 of them in my cap now
dang, pythium got a port city for his capital
i also had a turn 2 event, burned down the woods of the fairy court
holy shit new tur nnew turn
high priest. thats what i got.
3 air gems for a bunch of shit scales
lookit these shameful non-prophet-renamers
nothing like
i particularly like the ksp shoutout on rlyeh
forgetting to rename your prophet turn 1 of a video let's play
whoa you're lping this game?
i mocked myself relentlessly and will suicide my prophet asap
gonna try!
never done it before get excited for me to fuck it up
but yeah that's why it took me so long to do turn 1
don't worry, i'll be fucking up enough for everyone, i'm sure
i had some pride in my prophet name
!details

i also thought mine was p good
ya
we cool
ugh, nets
why did it have to be nets
so, obviously we keep a list of the non-renamers and all of the cool and good renamers nuke them into oblivion
did you turn 1 expand and lose your pretender
no, they're between my ponymans and where i want them to be
do i want to double expand...
only if you're gonna double expand into 2 thrones
!details

need more turns
im doin it. im doublr expanding.
further updates as events warrant.
sending thoughts  and prayers
ok offworld self-owning company is a good prophet
<@184675842432040960> i've done my part for more turns
https://i.imgur.com/ljgphnf.jpg
soon i will be in 5 games
and still the hunger persists
can big boy fire elementals kill vanjarls
i'd think so
lol at both of the ermor cucks picking divine emperor
and naming him basically the same thing
depends on the bless
lightning body
because aren't fire elementals aoe?
i want to know how the pythium/nazca battle shook out
my money is strongly on pythium
and fire shield
nazca is a rush nation but not a turn 1 invasion nation
if they have an awake combat pretender
and the other doesn't
oh yeah i guess
just recorded episode 1 of a dominions 5 video let's play
nazca probably has a stone hueha
oh cryle you fucked up
i hope everyone is prepared for me to be annoying
5 global slots
omg
i set it to 7
it probably scrolls
#restartgame
and only minor story events
link tia
:v
i'm not going to upload videos where people can see them without some kind of turn delay
because i would like to try to win
dude just write a diary
and upload it at the end of the game, or, maybe, like 10 turns behind
did you really put on only minor story events
it's easier to stammer into a microphone while you do your turn
make sure when you make the video
#restartgame
that you spend half an hour doing fucking nothing
each turn
im very good at that
i read the full intro text
#restartgame
and change the thrones to 0/10/10!
i uhh showed the map and then i said i worship a spaceship then i said my nation is bad and made some bad troops and hit end turn
hell yeah
ill guest star, where i spend 10 minutes talking about how agdq is feminizing gamers
i was like, "my god's name is a reference to chinese webnovels about daoist space wizards, note that we are playing daoist space wizard civilization on space map"
and then finish with "anyways, mystic, elephants, end turn."
perfect
also the audio quality must vary randomly between videos
and then because i did turns one and two at the same time, i could immediately say, "oh no i forgot to rename my prophet, gotta get him killed asap"
and resoultion should also be rolled on d100
today we play on 982 by 490
lol
i built sacreds
i also said i was gonna try to explain what dominions was and what the heck we're doing as i go, but that i wasn't gonna spend an hour talking about it before i started
and spent 20 minutes agonizing about where to attack
then i spent several minutes talking about it anyway
i usually just say if u are looking for a useful lp where you want to learn something you are in the wrong place
yeah i want to actually try
we are making these because they are the least bad. end turn
we'll see how long that lasts
the correct place is the niefel strat
the only strategy you need
i did the first two turns in 15 minutes-ish though
first turn was 15 minutes looking at the cool as fuck map
and 2nd turn was 3 minutes forty three seconds
i think i like just waved it around a little bit
i will probably have to do a more detailed tour eventually
i spent some time looking at the game settings and so forth
and then trollong cryle for messing some stuff up
"theres 20 players and some uhh thrones and stuff. anyways look at this cool fuckin cave planet!"
i like how there is a vast interplanetary trade network, with near instantaneous delivery, but it takes months to walk to your nearest neighbor so consequently you'll only see like half of the other nations
monkey i came very close to making my only bless explode on death so that i could roleplay cultivators better
speak for yourself friend
i have a spaceship
i will meet everyone
because they self destruct when they are owned
lol
meet new and interesting nations and abort their forts
the prime directive
note to self, finish 2nd fort before dormant gods awaken
well i am on planet shitlord otherwise known as pankor four
so you have to be there for me to troll you
at least early
is it really high move or teleport wherever?
i am on pankor 5
and will likely never leave it
map move 100 teleport
10 provs ignores all terrain
what dog is that
uttervast
you should go to the desert planet
rub in just how shitty their start is
it really is
fly to desert planet and blow up a fort because you know they had to save to buy it
it's even worse if some asshole teleports around knocking over forts
i assume it would be on the farm provs
assuming they can save enough money to buy the guys to defeat the heavy cav there
from my cap i can reach half of the desrt planet farm provs in one turn
with my spaceship
üëæ
oh there's gold mines there
desert planet is probably not that bad with those
the moving will suck but the money will be ok
and they will have gems everywhere
those water starts seem very imbalanced as well
you have your own planet
while on the big one one person is between the other two
desert planet has gold mines too?
i thought it was just cave planet
i guess i didnt look very hard
i tried to blind expand and my entire army + commander died to cavemans
the map is really epic frankly
are you abysia jsoh?
i think i called it weird and bad in my first turn, and i should probably clarify that i think it's awesome it's just also gonna turn into a hell
abysians probably don't lose to cavemans
if it was bakemonos or onis or zotz i would beat them
the middle water nation in the big planet does have a gungan tunnel through the planet
that's kinda neat
but they're still between two other water nations
yeah
but the most natural expansion seems like it would be to the empty bit of water
although we only have 3 water nations
moving around on this map is going to be actual hell
im amphibious
im just a million miles away from the water
you have the water moon
the forest moon of pankor
170 wins the award for most awkward start location
mostle because of that throne
still shitty even withououtut
it's not great but you have a huge amount of space behind chokepoints
cave planet is like 5 provinces it kind of isnt great
it would be good if iw as ea agartha
huh, desert planet has only 1 way in/out
no way not to fight other desert planet man
that planet isn't big enough for the two of them
i mean look at it the planet's total crap
to be fair once you win the whole thing is yours
still shitty but 3 thrones
super well defended
38 provinces too
lots of sites prolly
and i don't see anyone encroaching in anytime soon
given you kind have to straightline into it
apart from the spaceship
is a green connection like, forest survival?
is the ringworld forested?
isn't green roads?
this game sounds like a nightmare in the offing
oh cool roads
yeah
it's gonna be a hell dimension for sure
just remember two things and you'll be fine
number 1. you don't play ma ermor
number 2. you don't play ma ermor.
super marignon galaxy would be a good pg name
corollary: don't play in games with ma ermor
how much precision is eagle eyes?
4
heck yeah
which is usally 8
do they still do that
yes
if u think about it
trueshot longbow, is 60 precision! wow! value. no other item gives that much of a stat!
which is usually 8??
if this is something i knew i have forgotten it
if you have more than 10 precision every point counts for 2 points
huh
okay
every time someone says 'if you have more than 10 precision every point counts for 2 points' one of the bots should post grandpa jojo
i don't get it.
!details

https://puu.sh/zesoj/298937508b.jpg eat my fucking ass
the guy who was building the lab
died
or didnt die but retreated
so i dont have a lab
amazing stuff
more like royal malqq
!details

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/du4mjouw0aick31.jpg
agartha is the hero of the anti elf crusade
so many fucking mages to script
!details

!details

what about machaka, what about the blood we spilt bug squash? it wasn't agarthans that held the elves at the lovendalon pass, yet they get all the glory for finishing them off
machake are all heroes too
turn report: still alive <:ruby:372879296861044737>
<@190292302785150976> technically part of the long term plan, since all civilization must end
i weep at the loss of pupper squad
w t f
apparently i propheted both my starting commanders somehow and it randomly picked the unnamed one???
i think i might go ai for that
just suicide them asap
like the time in bloodbowl i accidentally spent all my money hiring a player with a default name and immediately fired them putting me on the back foot for the entire tournament
i told r'lyeh that he was going to get attacked by other people, and wasn't believed. i pm'ed him the wikipedia article on cassandra last turn, and as a result i'm now proud to say i'm being mindhunting for a good reason.
i don't believe you

!spell mind hunt
<@160127200803160064>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=mind%20hunt&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1

also to be fair "uw nations first on chopping block once easy indies have been mopped up" isn't exactly oracle material
also i only just noticed that mind hunt is a 4s spell, so those 3 dudes i drove insane last turn were probably mind lords at 420 gold each
yeah it's a really bad idea to just randomly cast it at fortresses.
to be fair
it's normally a safe bet with yomi that they won't have any astrals
but my luck means the augurs of rngjesus saw fit to gift me a 3s
it's odds on that someone has found some kind of astral indy, and all you're doing is taking out dirt cheap research mages.
deleting a super combatant: good move
deleting a 70g nobody: not so much
losing 3 4s mages for no gain: wired
!details

i've just padded the fortress with scouts until my astrals get there. have fun!
i guess if mindhunting continues to be a thing i'll just start empowering random dai onis with 1s
rlyeh was patrolling outside his fort so he saw me coming
why would you antagonise two people for no gain when a third is about to invade<:weebey:403422121466003456>
well, to be fair
in my case i just attacked him seemingly "out of the blue"
the mind hunts were in response to that

he's spreading attacks over undefendable territory, rather than concentrating them on the existential threat of therodos
i just don't get it
because they can't retaliate anyway?
<@255835336083636234> you should integrate the bot with a chrome app
eww ui
do it for us
your fellow goons
*peer pressure intensifies*
what's wrong with discord
your posting
it's probably just unlucky timing.
i only moved into land provinces adjacent rlyeh 2 turns ago
kremath probably wasn't calculating me into his plans
https://puu.sh/zf1p7/18e05a8e0e.jpg lol
lol
spoiler: the lord of the hunt did not leave him alone
jsoh please kill the lord of the hunt in warcrimes
idiot thaumaturges cant even kill the doggos
i tried he didnt take the bait
update on herne: hes ten thousand five hundred seventy seven years old
hm
does wild hunt count as assasination
yep
so
my thaumaturges
when unscripted
decide to cast communion master
in assasinations
ok
thats epic
nice!
this turn a grand thaumaturge went
communion master
antimagic
sick
let that be a lesson to you: dont have astral mages ever
if herne ever dies due to rolling mute or feebleminded im going to declare the results of this game invalid due to bugs
jesus christ how do you deal with 200 s1 mages spamming mind burn
basically my entire army died before they'd moved
cast antimagic
mindless units
mindless units
not that
unless you can get a mindless commander
mindless commanders?
beaten.
slave collared thugs
i thought slave collars only feebled
can you bait it by using commanders with more hp than the regular mages?
is it actually 200?
200 mages
what make, model
!spells mind burm
!spell mind burn
<@160127200803160064>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=mind%20burn&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
earthquake? battlefield damage spells?
200 mages is a lot but if they're all on the one place *shrugs*
foul vapors
probably
bane venom charm
murder winter
blade mail
5 small armies raiding
!details

ok i hope nazca wins
it's the weekend. üòé üí∞
i like my thugs with their buffs
i am the plucky underdog that steals the crowd's hearts
i suspect i can't beat the bandar/ryleh/nazca coalition
i should have waited until bandar was finished off
.request .bit
.tags jsoh
im not a bless rusher! turn 8 is not a rush!!
some people are cowardly babies who think turn 8 is a rush smh
that's a normal first war turn
rush = enemy pretender lands on your cap turn 4 and easily kills its pd
ya
what is .bit
coin
.bit is the command to say the current value of bitcoin so i can laugh because its at less than half its peak
lol
!details

oh hey is s rlyeth dog pile happening? i csn forge some uw breathing items and get dien there
!details

and you have your turn in
wait
caelum went ai in theodoros?
wtf
well at least no one but horrors is gonna invade me
i am not sure if jbbm changes are remotely good but also i am playing like absolute garbage atm and am slightly burnt out so would anyone like to test a prerelease version
https://www.dropbox.com/s/h3b8tvc9sgq0f2i/jbbm_v5_prerelease.zip?dl=0 <- here it is if your answer is "yes"
you dont have to use dropbox. you can just drag and drop onto discord
ok
can you hire gladiators?
wait, that's the other guy
watch out for gladiators
better move quick
have you considered desperation financing?
its cool how everyone comes together to fuck with the asshole water nation nobody wants in the game
!details

mind hunts are bad
i'm sure there are a wide number of predatory lenders all willing to compete for your business!
i can't believe that you two have adjacent capitals though
that's just fucking hilarious
will accept dubious loans
i looked on the map and it has 14/4 starts
we have 18/1 or something
the next instalment of your tuition fees is due on the 31st january 2018, the amount you will owe at this point is ¬£ 253.00.
brutal tuition fees üò© üò¢ üò¢ #millennialpain #jcforpm #labour
eesh
there wasn't even any coordination,we just got simultaneously sick of this shit
i need for theodoros game to be over and to die in lanights so i can join new games
https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/941685170150576849/98c57e16554e5fafb475901c4c05a55a8be910c1/
what the fuck
thug civateteo lol
nice.
and not even blessed
<@317410996169736204> you are like a little baby
watch this
*loses 900 a month to tuition fees, gets kicked out on street, starves to death in birmingham winter*
power move.
try also paying 800/mo for shitty student housing in london
and 1.1k+ for anything that isn't a cupboard in a house of 12
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltrtz_glego
moderately mindless i guess
the best part is he hasn't done shit to me
i'm just going in because he's there and it doesn't really cost me anything
i just happened to border him suddenly :v
;_;
its okay
they did what they were made to do
kill foul mages
they will be avenged by pupper squad, season 2
i went to cheap state school, got scholarships and graduated debt free
which is impressive in america
of course i'm lucky and could leave on parents for summer housing and so forth
do temp gen gens of the same type stack
my strategy was to not go to school
weve got 15/3
maybe 16/3?
'
oh, one of the unlearned
i went for one year and was given a job in silicon valley making 50k starting to work a linux computer machine and make very bad websites
in like 200
i would like to go back to school and finish actually but lmao at the cost
what was col like in sv in the year 2000
i lived in a friend's converted closet
guess i'll die
same, basically
it has always been terrible there
who the fuck
is that atlantis
it was a fucking joke though i knew basically nothing and built the worst shit imaginable
now i take things apart and put things back together that make idiots not die
get the fuck out of my land ye water sippin' namby pambies
making idiots not die has dubious societal value
i occupy a chair and collect a check while chatting about dominions five
don't see me pissing in the ocean
truly the american dream
you are an inspiration to us all
i fight for every american's right to occupy a chair and collect a check
!details

also he's an easier target now because i whacked on of his larger armies with free spawn
i periodically have to walk to and from the warehouse
yeah yesterday i had to walk around an industrial space for a while and i got pretty dirty
was pretty fucked up. i did not get to post at all while doing that!
luckily i don't get to dirty, just computer prep
some boxes get a little dirty
i actually prefer to work with the people at the plants. people in offices are the biggest goddamn babies on earth and you have to deal with politics and stuff
they recently fired the only stupid idiot i didn't like here
i show up here and people are complaining about rattling from an air duct overhead
in our perfectly climate controlled extremely nice multi million dollar less than 1 year old office. like jesus just put in a thing with maintenance and shut the fuck up
yesterday i was working with guys next to a wood veneer dryer to fix some stuff and it was like 125 degrees and filthy and no one bitched
we fixed it then we fucked off and had lunch and relaxed and were very non productive. that's how work should be
strange
my experience of industrial life is everyone bitches constantly
but only amongst ourselves
my experience with humans is that everyone bitches constantly
yeah you bitch about management and stuff
and the union
but like, no one bitched about it being hot or dirty
the number one thing i bitch about is sitting around waiting for work
different kind of bitching idk im just weird i guess
i love that ttime
im seriously nonstop about that
that's the time where you take dom5 turns
i spent almost 2 months last year sitting in a box doing nothing for 12 hours a day
with an hour paid travel also
sitting in a box doing nothing for 12 hours a day actually sounds pretty hellish
good reading time
basically corporations are bad
sounds fine (if i have access to a computer)
full communism now
etc
i had my phone
the part i can't deal with is other people
and invisible cities
and a bluetooth speaker
well jsoh works in mordor and the deprivation chamber doesnt have a computer machine i dont think
and a box of hot
pretty good when its night shift and its snowing or raining every other night
you successfully converted 94 gems into 1692 gold
the wonders of ea abysia
scrub
lmao 1692. sec
rip caelum, presented as weak to three different nations at the same time.
ma marignon gets the very powerful alchemist pretender
nevermore isn't keeping very coherent
.markov
nuclear monkey did you see herne killing a daeva with 28 gems
that's markov bots m8
the incoherence is a part of it, because sometimes they say something amusing
but goons are already good enough about being incoherent
.markov but goons
i haev a friend who is a twitch dot tv video game broadcaster and theres a markov bot in her twitch chat and half of it is the markov bot hitting on her
.markov goons
extremely powerful ai
https://i.imgur.com/rvdlbew.png

https://i.imgur.com/s5qdnnp.png
lmao
oh holy shit
wtf
adventurers from random events
can fire rear
all commanders can fire rear
fire commander
oh
if it's bogus
nvm
i keep forgetting that
fire magic users in fact
!details

<@!169456837236621312> what u gonna buy m8
okay i'm setting the game back to 26 hours now
rejoice
i bike because my old one got stolen
can this game be set to 48 hours, now?
it is done
!details

let us hope libluini remembers to take his fuckin' turns
very lol: he goes ai
<:vast:373238452210368513>
<@!160127200803160064> i'll make him produce second order chains probably
because you're right, first order markov is kinda nonsense
although i still want to make a rnn.
put a cellphone activated bomb in the new one so you can set it off remotely if it gets stolen, instantly eviscerating the thief and/or their fence, imo
eh it's probably some poor homeless guy i dont think i care
and my bike was old. i will find another for 35 dollars on the internet probably
its true i fucked up
lmao at the bot triggering its random chance in every channel
that's not gonna get old
its 2% so you will only see it in busy channels
but i should implement that .shutup command
https://i.imgur.com/jg5z7w0.jpg #todayssociety
let it snow
olaf is actually a cement golem
why
why not 24
!details

b/c my turns are taking a while
i have a lot of turn to take
a lot of things to think about
no
davey must live
https://i.imgur.com/s1jtukl.png
?
i cheer for nazca  because pythium is slow to take his turns
yeah i change my support to the nazca faction as well. eat shit pythium!
the surge is so bad. who the fuck thinks this is like dark souls.
why-wont-he-take-his-turn-thium
whens the frozen sequel about every other nation state in the world trying to murder elsa
everything is dark souls mu
can cause unending winter=kill on sight for anyone with a brain
let's not forget to shit on marignon as well
a walking mass extinction
good
murder? drake abjures
marry? drake condons
i would kill her just for being queen
marry elsa, fuck the zoot rabbit, kill myself
jsoh confirmed trying to kill liz
i hope he's somewhere i can conquistador him
my phone service provider actually seriously just pushed an android update bundled witg a fucking under armour app
what in the world
i got two turns up
and im not taking them. im rationing my turns. im in control, not the turns
yeah stringing yourself along on a mantainence dose sounds like casual use and not abuse at all
ur hooked
you're having a night out at the club when suddenly this guy https://i.imgur.com/xs7ebgm.png
builds a temple on your gf's ass. what do?
no reinvig
throw skeletons at it
mind hunt isn't worth throwing at forts, for exactly the reason it failed on yomi: you never know what they have, and s4 (or even s2/s3 with boosters) are valuable
what you do is use it to kill commanders of armies, which you know have no s mages in
will of the fates would be helpful, too. since every hit would kill, your dudes would ignore 75% of hits
!details

could i please hae 48 hour turns for this game
black bow maybe?
horror mark a lot
life for a life a lot
is that a lot of wish for power?
and wish for magic
but yeah
pretty sure wish to kill that fucker would work
who's the generic commander with the best prec? because i do like black bow as an option
looks like spire horn seraph, 45g for 13prec and a1 for aim,
lol if your black bow carrier isn't a crone with 4 copper arms
mod bow of war to be like 40 arrows again imo
120 arrow crone
~10 spire horn seraphs with black bows (aim, fire), some lizard shaman (luck, curse, swarm), and as many harab seraphs to skelespam as you can fit.
what does feeblemind do to mr? does it take off a percent or a fixed amount?
tired: mind hunt
wired: teleporting magic duels
inspired: teleporting magic duels with no plans to retreat or return
5
and deletes their magic
yeah, but with only 25 mr soul slay & disintegrate seem feasible
the strat is i think "cast 900 skeletons and laugh" btw
oh yeah, he'll defnintely fatigue out
they've also gone berserk which is a real bad time for their enc which i'm not sure is even included in the 5 listed
x2 because quickness üòÉ
yeah, black bow doesn't solve issue, but him not having magic makes life easier
if you donate gold or air gems i can delete his stalling ass faster...
the.
thehe.
.het
what are your terms, i'm not giving away gold
although i have 83 sitting around at present
you give me gold, i buy overpowered sacreds. it's me and him in a thunderdome, so it's not like i'm bamboozling you. you want this guy sloooowing taking  his turns until late game, or you want to support bug squash the swift?
right, but what do i get if you succeed, and what do i get if you fail? i also have air gems
you get faster turns, and an ally, if i win. failure means tedium for us all.
i'm talking material benefits
i got some gems i aint using
what kind?
and if you do win you'll have the best cap in the game
1 fire a turn, 1 earth a turn, 1 death a turn and 1 astral a turn. all up for grabs!
gold or air gems accepted in exchange! everything must go!
i assure you, with my scales, i will not have a good cap
pyth cap generates like 8 gems a turn
that's what i was referring to
yeah pyth has best cap income in the game
i'll use them for good, instead of evil
isnt it all nature
or like, 2n3s or something
oh wow its 8 gems
you definitely seem over extended, but i think you needed to try blitzing when you did
otherwise i'd have had even more birbs
i wish you the best but i dont think nazca can kill a hydra
it's really easy though
first you start killing the hydra
then you finish
its too stinky
i have a province that in dom5 newbiegame that
has 28 cuyochis gathering freespawn
i get over 200 of the free shitty birb men per turn
i've also removed over 7000 population from the province over the last 15 turns or so <:pan:372896697317064705>
<@282646158218756116> look at this. the majesty of a newbie game
quickness, ironically, is better against skeles than you think. sure they fatigue faster, but they kill faster too
net result, need more skeles than you otherwise would
to fatigue them out
probably want to ping <@68614451045076992>, the host
aw man why tho
oh wait
c'moooon jonjoooeee
it's called more-turns for a reason
yeah since they have to dodge fewer hits
if you have trouble just submit partials and gain everyones ire
<@190292302785150976>
please
i have a life
i have things i'd rather do than spend an hour pondering this game each day
brain-genious: teleporting your astral empowered blood mages for a horror bomb
b/c that's how long it takes me
for this game, alone
also they can kill fast enough to actually gain ground towards the mages when the mages are on fatigue watch
hahaha
the hell
ok, i have 7 air gems
ok compromise
how about uhhh
32 hours
fine
can you start that now b/c i probably won't be able to put in a turn today
i actually spent time doing my entire turn already and couldn't finish it b/c my computer shat itself
losing all my progress
rip
tbh idk how to extend
i just set the timer higher
sounds fantastic
lets do it
set it higher then hit the reset button
also kremath what will you pay me to back off?
then check to make sure the server is still up after a minute or so and, if it's not, hit reset again
it's costing me a lot of gems to have you soul slay all my thugs
or "repair" i guess it's called
need more mages
!details

tyvm
i have lots of gems
uhh
!details

i'll give you my throne
it's at 74
i have 4 but you did nothing to say what you need them for
it's a start
lol
just saw the map
üòâ
and nothing you offered reeks of desperation
lol coalition they are both eating me
haha suck it losers i got burelk
he's gonna kill a bunch of barbarians for me
maybe
selling cauldrons of broth btw
20 nature gems or 15 death gems a pop
finally, your city will have a guard
all those militia all for you
sorry, that throne is closed for the oni job fair
what happen? you kill my scout.
i mean, sending your scout through the chokeneck of the world was probably a bad idea
i am a desperate loser, i'm not hiding it.
fight me less then!
how good is vengeful waters?
meh
how good is it if you have a lot of candles in enemy territory?
it's best at killing scouts but occasionally you get an important mage or troop commander
oh then it would be pretty good
also will it piss those neighbours off a lot
it would soon be your territory, i would hope
amount of pissed-offness probably depends on if there's a fort with your candles
anger waters is very strong on coasts and in the sea
and much less so away from those and rivers
you can't do sustain these kind of victories, <@96715337440952320>
*cant sustain
i definitely can't you're right
ok, how about for those 7 gems and 83 gold you give me 24 gems over the next several turns. you should be able to cast condors next turn, and hire a few more dudes. if you win you'll make that back easy with their cap and if you lose what do you care
but the alternative is "go ai really quite intact"
7 air
which i am also reluctant to do
going ai while winning is extremely alpha
for supproting evidence i point you to the work of greg "idra" fields
that's fair
<@185694323407454218>
get off my cap you perfidious scoundrel
no
i will be very cross <:burn:372895357962682380>
condor's a conj3
oh, my bad, don't know nazca
why do you need air then?
the idra gg would've been when i was sick at the weekend but on to win
for condors
this is more like a standard ragequit
but in a few turns
gotta build early
plz don't sack my cap
üò¶
up the gold, gotta buy researchers
all i have at moment
the only thing getting sacked here is the guy in charge of your capital's defence
for gross negligence
i dunno those 60~ patrolling bandits probably triggered an awful lot of gem use from your doomstack
it's the oni shugo
all yomi forts with 20 defence are a pain in the dick for this reason
how many gems did you spend?
yomi is a fucking shit nation vanilla, fyi
you know this
some?
i wish i was using your mod in this game
yeah but i'm not losing because of you i'm losing because i got really sick and threw away the best part of 1000 gems (literally) vs ur
i couldn't put a fort on the t3 throne because i had no money
ya rip
good luck
i can help with gems when you need them but i am spending down to single digits of gold
he bumped your nexus with thetis?
christ that must be a big thetis
no i think i pushed it off with stellar focus which was intended to block the slot from goh
which, lol
....
how do you knock an arcane nexus off with a stellar focus
is that , like, a 200 gem stellar focus? lol
the arcane nexus was cast about 2 over is the answer
and with 0 paths over
rip
this has been a very silly game but also very fun actually
gonna try and retain my dignity for one more turn.
!details

decrepus!!!!!!!!!!
also that one other dude
did i lose anouther fucking army to 10 flame boys
no he's gonna die to nazca
flame boys are nasty
i'm sure of it
!!!
found a indy province that lets you recruit flame boys, which is neat
i guess i'm going to have to delete that player who never uploaded
that would be appreciated
also a way for game host to do so as well
or fuck it why not anyone
actually probably not anyone if you can secretly send commands
i'm gonna delete you
yes, if that's verified with an audit trail should be ok
then you could be blackballed for abusive behavior
currently it's only the user (or me accessing the db correctly)
users are tracked, but i have to go log diving to do so
so i'd only do it for something that actually breaks shit rather than just being annoying
isn't this just being annoying?
i forgot t ogive my druid pearls
why am i
so fucking
retarded
why do i fuck up every single thing i do
!details

fyi y'all i'm hanging out with my mom tonight and tomorrow and playing gloomhaven sunday
i'll squeeze things in when i can but might not be mr jonny on the spot
gloomhaven is better you have chosen wisely
the lucky boys of etherealness cooly watch their army literally melt away before drifting off into the sunset
abyssia maintaining their strong 20:1 kdr
no problem, because its turn 3, and it should take like 30 seconds for the turn anyways. which means two people will still complete after you complete.
my sacreds are doing better in another game where i have quickness and ethereal on them
!details

this time im slaving my stargazers to my druids
not because i want to, but because it will kill them.
i have seen worlds bathed in the makers flames, their denizens fading without so much as a whimper. entire planetary systems born and razed in the time that it takes your mortal hearts to beat once. yet all throughout, never has anyone ever come at me like that before
probably
!list

i want to joib that eggplant game
it is the forbidden game
u started it
you were on a throne
!details pankor

!details

!details

<@364579232497532929> you are my enemy now
dominions deplomacy
gallant always takes his turns quickly and gains the adoration of the other nations
goofus waits until the last minute to submit his turns at every stage of the game
https://i.imgur.com/yvjuwui.png
why does it say that one dude is not uploaded
is the bot just being a little weird. i thought we started with the full 20
not that i counted ofc
that's the map author who never uploaded / also i think we have 19
we have 15 land and 3 water i think
oh ok
i tried to start it with 20 randoms a few times in singleplayer and it wouldn't go
i could get it to but only if i put in 4 water 16 land
hm
the map author was also opposed to us breaking his beautiful map by putting extra dudes on it i think
i sort of paraphrased that
cryle - last wednesday at 9:06 pm
5 pretender uploads to go including yours. jesus christ we have 20 people and only 2 are water nations
l0ki/lowkey - last wednesday at 9:07 pm
its 14+4 not 20
cryle - last wednesday at 9:07 pm
what happens if theres 20
l0ki/lowkey - last wednesday at 9:07 pm
it getss fucked up
cryle - last wednesday at 9:07 pm
how badly fucked up you think
l0ki/lowkey - last wednesday at 9:07 pm
really badly
going to work shortly be back about 3am est
really fucked up is good tho
agree
have you hear that pyth and nazca have adjacent caps?
*heard
lol
players yelling
     <:prism:372894359680712727>
swap caps, furful lanka's dream
<@96715337440952320> you can stop doing my turns now, i'm officially back home
abyssia walks an army of 30 fire boys through five marveni armies, all too scared to do anything about it, knocks on the front door, says pigs re gay, and goes ai.
toll
nazca about to be insanely broken to shit i feel
although i think pythium might have quite good pd?
do they have gladiators? because that could be very useful for busting nazca pd
they absolutely do have glads yep
do not mix glads + hydrads though
nazcas starting army is those shitty human militia
pythiums, is what, heavy infantry with javelins behind light infantry with javelins?
light / medium light javelin guys
no shield on the centurion which means one stray arrow from the runa archers and it's gg
ma xibalba should have theft of the sun but the sun gets drowned and no more sun
i made mystic mongol and mystic mongol blue
on account of tengri
well thats the color news
what about the muslim ones?
how do you even play ma xibalba
they got too many commanders!!
i should make goast's name the exact same shade as the discord dark background
no they dont cryle
they only have a few bat commanders
oh, not in germany, no! it's a unatco killphrase.

yes, and you say "laputan machine" despite the fact that i am obviously not a machi--
<@120391130536738816>  fuck was that about
that bounce?
were i pythium in that scenario i would put four hundred gold into gladiators on turn one
then attack nazca on turn two
with everything
oh crap
right
you were attacking it
the thing i specifically said i was going to do yes
good one m8 lol
well
at least ermor is ai now
yes
agree 100%
at least i didn't dart any of your wierd horse mages
ah but would it beat... 400 gold of hatan runas and an aquispray...
yes i am nonplussed rather than heartbroken
üíî dart through the heart
what about totally unnecessary and pointless diplomancing
no there is no way you agree to disagree
it is a turn 1 rush
not sardukar terror troop back to back knife fight vs universe
buit how epic would that be
also can immobile pretenders patrol? itd be pretty high stakes if pythium threw everything and got rolled by a monolith or something
nazca and pythium shoud ally
twin empires
well that is weird
the replay on my side shows me winning the battle lol
they'd have to actually be around to do that
<:illwinter:372894192894214176>
nazca will have some idiot bless god
and will die to tons of gladiators because lmao nazca troops and pd
!help
<@68614451045076992>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
lolwut
yeah in the replay on my end (not the report, though, which is always right) your guys puss out and i heroically clean them up after taking quite heavy casualties
i'm still here
also <@177579426849095682> you can't horror mark a lifeless god heads up
that's kind of hilarious
more tender chinese are devoured by my hungry wolves
lifeless yes mindless no
oh that
i knew it was one of thsoe
immobile pretenders can patrol
!details

and they're usually pretty nasty on defense
godspeed quickness/thunder weapons frost father
so anyone else here have any preference for an era for a disciple game?
i'll make it ea then
!lobby ea 12 balanced_teams
<@68614451045076992>: creating game lobby with name balanced_teams
ur and uruk have te exact same flag
hmm maybe la on 2nd thought
!delete balanced_teams
<@68614451045076992>: successfully removed server balanced_teams
!lobby la 12 balanced_teams
<@68614451045076992>: creating game lobby with name balanced_teams
did someobody say game
me
i'm doing a disciples game
teams of 2
remember to get the mod
use jbbm prerelease alongside the allied rec mod imo, it'll be good
ok
you gunna join jbereton
i'm still deciding what nation
what era is still pretty much up for grabs, not too sure what to pick
i am probably not going to join as i need a bit of a break from dominions perhaps
k
<@364579232497532929>
trump admin has ordered doe to prepare for short-notice nv nuclear test "for political purposes"
oh look red waste has flier pd cool col colcocococlcocl
lol
<@68614451045076992> this is getting ridiculous, what is even keeping the walls up?
is that real
it is isn't it.
83
nuke ourselves to own the libs
is there any sin that cannot be absolved by doing it to own the libs
deus vult
whats nv
nevada
fallout: new vegas
ramc is more correct, also i considered making that joke
well
my first thought was actually
oh i didnt know there actually is a new vegas
so
lol
ugh
the worst part of dominions
actually attacking
i am yes
what if all the casino magnates got nuked
but i've been procrastinating because i dont want to have to script 2 dozen armies that i should use
that'd own us, the libs, very hard
trigging the libbys
[6:32 pm] riidi: trigging the libbys
whoa https://i.imgur.com/08xlmlv.jpg
team game? someone be on my team
i can play la
splitters have filters now samog it owns
i can midgard, utgard, ctis, agartha, or man, if you want to be on a team with me
samog, did the latest update change how alchemy works?
wat
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dvezy19uqaa-iby.jpg
if workers raises are rising, then clearly there will be less profit for stockholders, a bad thing
i put 100's of hours into this one when it first came out. ive also bought this game for quite a few friends and children. highly recommended for little/baby gamers. the colors and sounds alone will keep them entertained for days.

this will also run on almost anything. kids used to play on a pent4 emachine with 1gb ram.
conquest of elysium 4 feedback better than ever
what is the feedback
game is bad?
"i put 100's of hours into this one when it first came out. ive also bought this game for quite a few friends and children. highly recommended for little/baby gamers. the colors and sounds alone will keep them entertained for days.

this will also run on almost anything. kids used to play on a pent4 emachine with 1gb ram."
https://twitter.com/jeopardy/status/959267654438547456
!details

ok kill pythium
everyone log in and donate your spare change to nazca
wow nice post theft
you have the master password, right?
just set him ai bing bong
done
4 d gems and 50 gold
good luck
soldier on brave cawwman
im not putting anyone ai until they miss 10% of their turns
which will be, he will have missed 50% in about 3 hours
missing a turn 3 is possible if they did not get the memo or something happens
with the crushing benefit that 4 d gems and 50 gold should give nazca it is altogether possible that they will win easily next turn
i was not making a serious suggestion
i declare this convening of the council of giant retards, commenced
https://files.catbox.moe/q4hsqt.png but pythiums
thankfully, you can now hover over provinces to tell you what they is
the ur/uruk war plans are just a reddit post about "glance value" in dota skins
_thinks to self very carefully_
i should delete my cap fort and then tell everyone someone guessed my password
are horrors inanimate?
wait. which ur borders me
!details

question how much pd does it take to get about 50 barbs
this seems like 25 pd territory
this guy put 25pd to defend his 11 income waste
(they died)
jbrereton but you see now lifestealer looks like sand king and therefor
probably an event
**mekone**
[10:48 am] boing: its 2% so you will only see it in busy channels
you should make it only talk in the main channel, since thats the one everyone is most likely to read
its bad that they look alike
n ew turn new turn new turn
i'm not sure anymore
i have been getting lots of +pd events in that game
woot turn 2 mystic is fews
pythium took gis turn!!!!!
can't wait to get home so i can see that both of my expands failed, and then i can go ai
the events lists has changed again, including a bunch of "fuck you for having any misfortune" events
dude
i got the absolute sickest event in unchikl
a vampire count, 15 thralls, 20 militia, and
*drumroll*
30 vampires attacked my province
i took my turn
!details

you rgrvet and brad huh
dude i got that like 10 turns ago
wrath of explaining homestuck
they jumped a priest who was gonna make a temple
riidi lets join the disciple game in the chat channel
lets be base buddies
are you still recruiting for disciple game
that ones's been around for a while
riidi and i want to join as a couple
how is pythium nazca going
[8:30 pm] thewetfish: the events lists has changed again, including a bunch of "fuck you for having any misfortune" events
does the events guy know
i haven't even seen my turn yet
that drama is way more exciting
that everythings fucked up
maybe he has no idea.
there's an events guy?
ugh, nets
yes me and cryle should be on he same team
there are insanely too many negative events, overall
even at lot three i'm still seeing people losing one of their 15 provinces every other turn
[8:35 pm] thewetfish: there's an events guy?
yes, there's one guy who writes all the events
sounds good to me cryle
the dark vine commander event is fucking inexcusable
its entirely possible he just doesnt realize the implications of writing thousands and thousands of negative events.
i got an event in a game
where a vampire... joined me
<@68614451045076992> is your game up yet
it was a normal vampire that was a commander
and he had a fire resist ring and an axe of sharpness
smart
the disciple game?
the lobby is
you want ea ma or la?
i'm thinking ma or la
insane scenario where a vampire in the maternity ward ... seduces me?!
i'm thinking ma
ok
!delete balanced_team
<@68614451045076992>: successfully removed server balanced_team
ah.  i am not sure if it is delibrate, or at least not working as intended  
i mean we were talking about misfortune being a dump stat which is generally a decent indication that it might need some adjustment.  i haven't done a full list analysis yet
!lobby ma 12 blanaced_team
<@68614451045076992>: creating game lobby with name blanaced_team
join the lobby <@184675842432040960>
figure out your teammate
i dont see the lobby
it's a 2's dance
wheres the lobby
look up
!join blanaced_team
!join blanaced_team
it does nothing
!details balanced_team
!list
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game

ho hum
theres no channel for it
!delete balanced_teams
<@68614451045076992>: successfully removed server balanced_teams
you have to use the correct thingy
and actually use a nation
so do that cryle
i lost all my garbage
this province has scouts <:gamewinner:372893907006128129>
noice
<:pan:372896697317064705>
so <@!169456837236621312> i recorded turn 2; it's 28 minutes of me waffling about what to do
sorry, turn 3
is la atlantis a land nation
because they have gods that cant breathe underwater
they are a coastal nation with sailing that can also go underwater
so yes but better
ass toots
!details

ass toots.
mekone.
!details

!servers
!list

didn't even do his friday turn, the final insult
!register atlantis blanaced_team
<@184675842432040960>: registering ma atlantis for <@184675842432040960>
wait what
its ma?
yes
also what are the bans? ermor and pan? aspho or no aspho
is asphodel even good anymore.
i am destroyed
turn 3 negative cap event
-5 pd
millenials didn't show up to defence -5
not really <@110869804197351424> they kicked aspho in the junk
hmm
it should be banned then, to keep it from fucking up the map.
can make a badass carrion dragon tho
sir you can't break those cuffs.
there is no coalition
there is only war
only reason i kill the monkies is because they try to kill me, i'm primarily concerned about nazca now
at least, now that jotun isn't sitting at 11 points
no!
no!!!!!
my double expand only had one succeed so now i cant go ai
and i certainly hope you should be concerned about the nazca solution, otherwise it wasn't much of a solution
is dark slumber new?
if i/we can put a dent in nazca the balance of power will be relatively even
but "putting a dent" means killing like 800 birds
also who dispeled earth blood deep well?
<@184675842432040960> where the hella re you
you cant sign us up for a disciples game and not be around to talk
i'm here
sounds like u got some pretty severe
pankor sores
owned binch
!details balanced_team
<@169456837236621312>: error: could not find the game
!details balanced_teams
<@169456837236621312>: error: could not find the game
fuk
oh lmao
!details blanaced_team

<@282646158218756116> if you wish to deploy mesoamerican revenge upon the white devil plz message me
oh shit we got a disciples game going?
monkee did you hear about my endless terrible rambling
i have followed your advice to a t
good
turns 1 and 2: 15 minutes
turn 3: 28 minutes
cryle can you unregister atlantis! cripes!
!register mictlan blanaced_team
<@170392794706214912>: registering ma mictlan for <@170392794706214912>
!unregister blalanced_team
<@184675842432040960>: removing user 184675842432040960 from game blalanced_team
!register xibalba blalanced_team
<@184675842432040960>: error: could not find the game
!register xibalba blalanced_team
<@184675842432040960>: error: could not find the game
!register xibalba blanaced_team
<@184675842432040960>: registering ma xibalba for <@184675842432040960>
what nuclearmonkee
disciple game
though mictlan is now taken rip
i'm not going to play a disciple game
its blanaced_game you idiot
or no its not, its blanaced_team. ignore me
ok
<@68614451045076992> what is the ban list
no ma ermor
what about pan or pelagia
also i'm going to include yomi buffs and pan nerfs
every other nation is available besides ma erm
what about nazca lmao
is nazca op now
nazica.
nazca is fucking insanely overpowered
moresoe in disciple
banning everything except machaka
thudner weap condors on attack rear is really good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxxkfd3lham
im having writers block for my pretender name
.q kevin #lf
http://irc.alligatr.co.uk/homero/2018-02-03t04:56:03-dom4goons.jpg
!register asphodel blanaced_team
<@169456837236621312>: registering ma asphodel for <@169456837236621312>
!register marignon blanaced_team
<@97756994454188032>: registering ma marignon for <@97756994454188032>
if given no orders and a fuckton of gems
a mage will just gladly cast fire elementals forever, right
im not gonna lie, that battel could have gone better for me.
is it time for u to go ai ridi
nah
vanheim has been fighting me in wrath of god for 5, 6 turns now. his army of 150 has to have been whittled down right
i dont know, because i dont know how much damage wog bolts do
i dont think glamour units get hit
but maybe they do
stealthy units do, why wouldnt glam
home team bias
oh right i was gonna cast eyes of god
thanks for the reminder
im going to get all the globals w the word 'god' in them and hopefully i get an exodia win
the real pro global with wog is foul air
hmm
damn thats a pretty good insane fuckhead enchantment
the real exodia is to have globals with 8 paths on them
buy my gems cryle
all my provinces have h1 scouts
wogs begin at province #6.
where is the map from anyway
please samog, no racial slurs
ridi im generating like 800 gold right now
i will gladly pay you tuesday for some pearls today, though
the author literally signed the map
i think
its in artwork in dom 5
!details

i think next game i host, turn timer will be like, 18 hours for the first year
wait why am i a threat lmao
and then +5 hours every year after?? i think thats a pro as heck strat
!details blalaced_team
<@184675842432040960>: error: could not find the game
!details blanaced_team

god damnit
!unregister blanaced_team
<@184675842432040960>: removing user 184675842432040960 from game blanaced_team
!details blanaced_team
!register xibalba blanaced_team
<@184675842432040960>: registering ma xibalba for <@184675842432040960>
earthblood deep well was dispelled when my pretender died... reinforcing my point that i'm not a threat if i let my god die
hey have people tried using the nation gen mod for dom 5
i'm having issues
it'll create the nation
and then throw this error
error writing mod: .\mods\nationgen_eaten.dm (the system cannot find the path specified)
where eaten was the mod name for example
are you putting everything in the dom5 mods folder and not the dom4 one by accident or something
bc ive copy pasted mods there's not really any syntax difference
no i don't know where the mod actually goes
like "eaten" in this case
is dominions giving you that error or the nationgen
the way to find the place to put mods is you launch thr game go to the tools thing from the menu and hit open user data directory or some shit like that and put the mod in the mod folder
nation gen
i totally get how to use mods
i just can't find where the mods are actually being created
like i'll search for the name and it's nowhere
oh. idk then
im shitting rn i will look. or you can try to find elmokki
i'll try again tomorrow
too late for thinking
!details

does .\mods\ exist
does anything
i think that
you should probably learn patience
though it does suck on these first 3-5 turns
sometimes people are in full on hellwar and conducting different timezone diplomacy by turn 8
i was on 10/11 a few turns ago üò¢ now i'm down to 5
i hope not
'diplomacy'? what's that
<@114740794476331015> warned you about that throne bro, told you about old men
i still live
@cryle sneaky, i like it
did you take 3 misfortune irl
that would have absolutely caught me out
let me just bring in my own fliers for now, i can't really rely on your bad luck forever
still figuring out my team/nations
there used to be about 10 billion polypal spawn in kremaths cap so guess they've gone on a trip
your support is making this all possible, but the terror of pythium isn't over.
compose a short ad campaign in the "the children of nazca need your help this summer... little accla lost her house to pillaging gladiators etc. etc." style to solicit more donations imo
holy shit
this guy teleported his monolith into my throne defence pile
and first round decided to cast summon earthpower instead of equake to kill my hueg pile of mallquis
and then after that hes immediately stunlocked to death
holding 2 globals lol
oh i see
the guy also walked a army in
and probably just doesnt get how movement works
nice bless btw, i have half a dozen heroes now
ive no idea what my midgame is supposed to be though
https://puu.sh/zfijv/d932a6625b.jpg
he came
with a bag of wind lmao
misfortune 2= hero on turn 8 and a free hand deviliered 40 gem item
thats good, i went luck 3 and lost 16000 population to plague
number of zeroes is correct
on my cap where im making sacreds
https://puu.sh/zfipl/15cee4e53a.jpg lol
744 is a cool number lets see what happened
i feel guilty for roping everybody into an attack against nazca and then going ai, but im glad i bailed out of that game
the shard wights were on guard commander lmao
man agarthas are hella brave
<@275205678010859520> what bless is that
the one you came up with for tien chi
i do a lot of things i odnt remember
awe + air shield
and unaging i hope
yeah
luck is dogshit now imo
go misf3 on every nation
maybe misf2 i dunno
jsoh i also got a free vampire event
mine had an axe of sharpness and a fire ring
not as good as free air booster
ugh, ai sauromatia is beating me to death in theodoros game
how embarassing
just gimmie all ur stuff and go ai imo
how fucked up is it that j brereton went ai like 4 times without giving me all of his stuff a single time
p. fucked up
a single annointed killed 220 skeletons last battle
but there are so many ethereal skeletons
peep the 100+kills per oracle in the last image i posted
mostly skelemans and ghouls and soulless but still impressivish
7 4 4
wowza
its really annoying that my dumb mages cast raise dead in battle
because that makes soulless for 1 battle
and destroys the corpses
so i cant make map soulless with the corpses
i might i dunno i am trapped between you and ai sauromatia that i am losing to
who are you even
abysia
im just trying to take thrones not kill anybody
i think if you go ai theres only 3-4 players left
ai birdmans have mustered like a thousand birdmans to come terror me
so now i have to make a staff of storms i think
i destroyed my economy and research to slay hinnom but it has ruined me
yeah i have lost this and badnations already
but may win more turns
not a bad run of games
i am surprised i survived this long
how have you lost bad nations already its like turn 5
are you the guy who failed to expand with the redundant blessed bogarus
oh no i am the person you made feel bad for both picking a carp and having it die on turn 2
lmao
oh lol
does anyone want to trade my gems for gold i need gold so much im so poor
what gems you got
i lost my expansion party to barbarians but i just built another expansion party so its fine
even ma income isnt enough to make yomi not trash
i have, yomi cap gems
ok so like fed?
afed
doesnt fire kill yomis
no
why do they have f gems
am i thinking of lankas
they can be a heat faction
yes
you are thinking of lankas
ah.
every yomi demon hsa 5 fire resist
except maybe the cold ones
demons all look the same to me, a racist
!unit ao-oni
<@96715337440952320>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=ao-oni&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
huh it looks like actually thats not tru
its just the big ones with the swords and the fire spitting
what the fuck

i sent that guy with 10 equites
and he gets assassinated by a drake immediately after conquering a province.
you got owned
name of the swamp rather gives away the game
does cockatrice paralyze clouds check mr?
i just conquered the promised land before gath could take it, which is good imo
eyy

rip rlyeh
check the battle replay for me
are those 3 mind lords feebleminded
did you know tomb guards have fuckin
4 map move
gotta go fast
no
they died because my thug melia's made a line to the rear and fucked them up
superior roman armies can carry all of their eqipment for 16 move
alas
he's been hitting me with mind hunts though
nothing's gone through so far
seems weak
anyone want to sell me death gems?
!details

oh hey, almost a turn
i can't remember how many i have to hand rn but sure
hmm i wonder which nation is prob going to win
as an avid arcosephale player: research != winning
what do you need?
gold is probably the most pressinng thing
i can make a long term deal
anyway, yeah, i have death gems to spare
so name a price
i can trade you plenty of earth gems or astral
or just gold
how much do you want per gem? i don't really know the usual rates
mind hunts are soul slays, so it's a mr 12 test against death
given that many mages have mrs around 15-16, you really need a pen boost to kill many mages reliably
also if any of your ghosts are mindless (dunno if they are) they are immune
they aren't mindless, they're not even proper undead
therodos ghosts have regular human morale
but they do have good mr
no wonder the mind hunts are bouncing right off then
i dunno what the usual rate is for gems either tbh
what's the usual going rate for gems in gold
throne of bone is province #19
entirely situational and depending on which gem
sounds like foreverwar
death and ea
death gems are always valuable
but like, how valuable they are to certain gamers at certain times
fuck, the hail mary drive by failed.   guess it's time to see what the horrors do.
okay well put it this way
if i asked for 20 gold per gem when you were in need of death gems
under/over priced :v
under
so 40/gem is still good or still really underpriced?
under
say 1000 gold is like a turns disposable income
20 gems  gets you lots of cool stuff
not a penny less than 50 is what i say
right, i can see what you're saying
by definition if they're willing to buy gems gold is kind of not helping them
so gouge gouge away
<@170661706421370880> let's say 55 gold per gem and if you're still buying after 5 turns i'll knock it down to 45
regret luck scales so much right now, barely had any good events and also had at least one gutpunch bad roll
oh uh. nah
if you alchemise earth gems you get like 5 per
i was thinking 15g tops
theres no way i would pay 50 gold per gem!
ü§∑
a alchemist pretender with f10 gets 72 gold per fire gem , at alteration 5
more than happy to trade gems though
there isn't an objective metric  that can usefully inform the price though
normal going rate usually seems to be between 20-30
ie for that observation to be relevant the buyer would need to have that pretender
i'll take a look in a bit and see if theres anything i'm in need of
"everything is worth what the purchaser will pay for it" - leonard nimoy, rome total war loading screen
if somebody is willing to buy they have gold to spare, but if somebody is selling then they need the gold
remember summons don't need upkeep
conot sold 20 n gems to marverni  for 450 and he made a good bit of gold
conot do you have any conceivable use for the gems, invcluding alchemising?
or selling anywhere else
i mean i have use for them in various spells i cast and alchemitising them into other gems
its just i have a surplus because i'm making like
11 a turn
think of it like you're making 11/4 useful gems per turn
the person buying is getting the usefulness of 11 gems per turn
you can easily spend 11 a turn though
especially death
gemcoin is my new cryptocurrency and it can only go up up up!
if you could use bitcoins to summon packs of wolves or demons i would be more into this
i've started forging/summoning a lot of stuff on repeat per turn if i'm making a lot of the gem typem
its like stardew valley
like i'm making quickness boots and flame swords every turn
make items and flog them instead
go fast slash hard
ive already invested! i am not a sockpuppet of ramc with his arm rammed up my ass at all
i will deffo not take the money and run
melias suck but i have so many now i can just throw shit at them
decent thugs in groups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk3yuxrmcac
steve ballmer gone right
btw ramc i think jsoh is coming to steal your level 3 throne in warcrimes
uhh
ive literally not moved off of my level 3 throne
plz no slander
well its because i dont have scouts there
it looked like you were moving to the throne but for all i know its 4 hurin taking mans provinces
or mari
i was just smashing temples with the good chinese mercenaries
did you see my bragging screenshots of me killing infinity shitty molemans
and shitty molemans in turn killing infinity shitty skelemans
and also me killing moleman god and dropping his globals because the guy teleported and expected his army to arrive at the same time
i did see
thats one way to learn
death to abysia
https://twitter.com/moodloop/status/955689842695917569
come to 156 with a million stargazers if you want an asskicking, boarboys
lol i lose a million stargazers to fatigue feedback. i wont miss them.
then everyone is happy
he didn't expect that.  the script had returning after the end of a bunch of earthquakes.
oh
i knew full well it was a hail mary, but figured it was worth a shot before the horrors turned up.
why would he cast earthpower then
instead of just an instant eq
could have killed some mallqui instead of getting stunlocked
i didn't expect the stunlocked part, and wanted to be sure i didn't fatigue out from eqs.
well its got 0 shock resist
and my guys bless faster tahn your guy casts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpxryaapuv8
let me rephrase, i thought i killed off your blessmans there, and that you might try to go after the retreating armies.
thats my blessmans factory!
welp
like i said, it was literally a last turn "fuck it" move, considering the horrors are turning up.
yeah why not use your large powerful army to try to defend yourself against the horrors
so you can keep your throne long enough to time out a win
dude, have you seen the throne score?    i'm betting on you or skelemans to win that roulette.
you know what guys who cast earthwuake a lot are good at? its killing skelemans and naked idiot human mages
also if kurgi attacks me im turbofucked
well, he talked to me in the first year, and you didn't.  i figured you were planning on attacking me, which is why this foreverwar happened to begin with.
foreverwar pales in comparison to the importance of horror defense squads tbh
a pile of sacred w1 mages is pretty fucking good at defending against horrors
i've not had much experience with horror combat, what sort of shit works on them?
magic damage with no resist works on all of them mostly kind of
so frozen heart is good
atlantis is attacking me but with a single commander and 3 spearman?
shock damage works on some of them but not all of them
so thudner weapons
kurgis spell list having lots of dumb shit in it works good against kurgi but if he just decides to turn 1 and turn 2 cast master enslave you lose
different stuff works against different doom horrors and you dont get ot pick which comes so r i p
the guys who attack thrones during cataclysm are agon kurgi scabiel and hruvur so you can look at them on te inspector and guess what kind of shit they will pull
if you manage to defend against one of them then next time your number comes up 2 come instead
oh man i just looked and scabiels main attack doesnt hit fliers lmao
what a piece of shit scabiel is i can kill him easily
and agons aoe attack doesnt hit skelemans
are horrors magic beings?
seems like they should be
yee
cool
the new battlefield sizes make me less good at judging how much spell range i need for things
agon is actually a piece of shit too
0 damage reversal 0 shock resist 73 hp
scabiel at least has a bunch of hp
its funny how much better kurgi is tho . 404 hp s10 7 damage reversal
sounds like you got bodied
agon has 3 forms doesn't he?
and gets crazier as he goes?
if he does its not listed on the mod inspector and ive never seen it when testing defending vs horrors
oh man i've qued up some stupid shit next turn. it's all going to backfire horribly and i'll go ai
hey so i had an invisible unit caught by patrollers. they have to have spirit sight right?
pls send me  your stuff first if so?
they're iron hail archers from caelum, but those guys don't have spirit sight. when i watch the battle it says they do. but on the dom 5 mod inspector and even in the battle description they don't.
what gives that to them?
bless?
turn being taken
no point going ai if you don't try and horribly destabilize the game as well
oh i'm thinking of the god eater one
they're sacred, but they had spirit sight before bless
fuck's sake, inkpot end in my cap circle
at least it's on the edge
inkpot?
is sprit sight one of the blesses that always works, blessed or not?
spreads disease
new tu nnew turne new turn
https://i.redd.it/2y3gwsjkkmd01.png
if i want to show puny man the power of ulmish engineering, which troop man do i make? shield man and flail man?
uh shields seem better vs infinite arrows coming at your head
yeah. i'll hold off on the flails until i see lots of shields on his side
as a member of the third tier, the ouija board is my culture, not a costume.
goddammit why to mercs hate asphodel
more like merks
ramc i don't know matt walsh. he is funny man tho
im gonna straight up tell you what im gonna do. stellar cascades, and theres a 75% chance that i fucked it up so you'll have to deal with the eth boys of fate
oh god. there are two matt walsh's and one is literally a comedian.
the other thinks yoga is evil
!details

every time i try to view a pankor battle it crashes
time to delete my downloads folder i guess
must be nice for your stupid blog if you have the same name as a comedian
sucks for us obscurely named foreigners though
yeah that seems off
just in pankor?
and does it crash if you view them locally?
spirit sight would be pretty fucking useful if it didnt work
useless
if it didnt work to patrol invisible mans
unless your sacreds were also prophets
misfortune 3
https://puu.sh/zfsip/add68d4c54.jpg
lmao
illwinter please
event system good
i also have misfortune three and i have received a gem event
and -5pd
take luck 2: instantly destroyed by vine men on capital
take misfortune 3: rolling in money, gems etc.
are you on a ringworld of a moon by chance
or*
oh wait
the dumpiest of dump stats
i think that was actually misfortune 2
since i got a event saying misfortune +3 after that
i just straight up dont remembver my pretender
misfortune +3 your tax harvests will be even better
in other news ive failed to expand 3 times
nice
but it doesnt matter since the game just gave me more gold than i would have gotten by expanding 3 times
i have a shitty corner start but i haven't fucked up yet
ok dude my start
im a dumb idiot water nation though so ill probalby end with like 12 prov y1 just because
is so fucking insanely shitty actually
like look ait it and think critically
you are in cave planet right
province 331 is full of skeletons
yes
331 is full of skeletons.
wasn't one of them static gold
lol
yeah
the static gold is full of cave mans
that's bad cave men are ten thousand more effective melee combatants than your guys
cave mans are not very good but they are very good at killing fire shield blessed agarthas
they have fire resist aaaa
im actually sending my god to expand this time because the indies i got are so fucking strong
it's crashing on downloading skymap or something
i just noticed the spot of land near me is all swamps
so i assume the battle background is missing
like just 5 swamps all connected
hell yes
i hope i get this heavy cav merc so i can expand
because heavy cav in a cave are better at fighting than my idiot mans
i guess i could make some just fuckin agartha heavy infantry
they're bad but yeah you can use your leftover res on infantry
i dont have any leftover res because i failed to expand 3 times
really all you have to do is get that gold province somehow
the cavemans were the only fuckin thing
that i could not have expanded into with my starting army
and search all of your land, to get more gold/silver mines
im pretty sure i could ahve taken the throne even
since its zotz and heavy infantry who dont have darkvision
depends on the wizards
the zotz would just self own and die
the cavemans are the only hard thing i dont know why my stubborn stupid ass had to go and get everything killed on them again
who looks at battles jeez
200 income province toh
i always look at battles before viewing the results
it adds a tinge of drama to the proceedings
oh my god the eldest cyclops cant see in the dark
haha
he has 6 defence
he will die to cave men
hes fighting pale ones
he will die to pale ones also
with 6 def
pale ones hit hard
he has 24 prot
and fire shield
and bodyguards
holy shit why is everything os bad on this nation
they have a long pierce weapon fire shield wont do too much
im not going to expand until i have statues ive decided
cavemans probably fucking kill statues too dont they
fuckkkkkk
i only view battles i lose
so i can yell at my pixels
exactly
yeah theres two custom skymaps
if they arent loading properly, well, i uploaded them and its sneks fault
jsoh summon ogres lmao
can ogres see in the dark
ogres and cave men are on equal footing and it scales doesn't it
no
what else scaling thing can you make that dark sees idk
cave mans can see in the dakr
earth elementals die to them
magma kids die to them
oh. fucking cave grubs
im not even joking
conj1 8 gems 5+ e1
your cyclops dude has high e right
i need to remake my god so he can craft dwarf hands and runesmashers tbh
19 acid damage per hit 18 morale 52 hp
so i guess it would be, dwarf hand, runesmasher, coin
cave grubs ftw
maggotry
cave grubs are really good
shame they require a cave
he starts in a cave
jsoh please provide screen shot once you are victorious with a cave grub based armies
you could manually download the map, that might fix it
ahh. a gold mine. let's build a fort here.
52 hp holy shit
yeah i think i actually need to do that
whats their attack score
!details balanced_team
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game
!list

holy shit
cave grubs are 10 atk
i misspelled the hell out of that
but theres already people registered fuck
oh well
!details balanaced_team
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game
blanaced
really
!details blanaced_team

sounds epic
i need to put my god into human form and give him a sword
flipper wings are pretty lol
mari is god aspho is disciple
fyi
ok
we'll define all that when we get a channel and pin it
gunna have to ask naksu to make the server when we got the deets settled
also how do blesses work now in disciples?
i heard that the pretender god does not effect the disciple bless anymore?
so like what carries over in terms of scales/blesses ?
you heard wrong disciple gets bless exact same as god
oh ok
disciple is auto blessed in dominion same as god
i think i was thinking of national dom of the pretender nation affecting the disciple dom
aka lemuria/ermor/ryleh freespawn
it's the same dominion
dominion effects are inherited from god,
so there is no popkill cancer with aspho disciple
yeah but i think i remember in a patchnote that freespawn pretender does not equal freespawn disciple
hi <@303193134026981389> we're on the same planeeet
we can be such good friends
oh did they change that. well i tested and as aspho i had no freespawn under mari
amazing! where you at?
ah, a huge sharp blade.
what is the point of "arouse h unger"
do the ghouls attack or do you just, create some ghouls,. except far away
hmm
the ghouls do attack if you make on enemy prov
it's a bad remote atack like call of the wild/wind
dont cast it ever probably
lots of spells are straight up bad
fires from afar
huge gem cost, will kill maybe 5 dudes
situationally useful
if you cast it a couple times at a province with just a site searching human pg you will probably hit him and kill him
it's useless for general use
i'm north of you, the other side of the planet
all forests are mine, you may have the rest
some of the rest
i love  fires from afar
imagine if we still had gemgen items, then u could cast fires from afar from a jar
uh just make 15 fire spirits to get a free cast/turn
bing bong very simple
what are you talking about
flame spirits aren't gem generators
are they?
i think they aren't in non summod actually ya
you're on the forest planet, aren't you?
i think summod made them gen 1/turn
i will sometimes use hunger/call of the wind/wild to ping-take 1 pd provs
call of the winds can get you patrollers at least!
or seige dudes
when does cataclysm start in capitalism
oh god its fucking
17 turns away
i just want it to all end
17 turns huh welp
jsoh i saw that ai rleyh almost killed your cool dudes
it was accidentally brilliant for ai
a nice smooth cigarette sounds good right now, doesn't it?
:watches bane lords backed by paralyze casters go after the poison cloud hydrae and says cao caoishly: 'exactly as i would have done'
the ai sent a bunch of non-poison-res chaff that caused a hp rout of the otherwise brilliant scheme
so welp
<@275205678010859520> horey shet you werent kidding
thats crazy
how ornerous are the throne points in capitalism anyway
i think they were kind of a lot
ok they are kind of a lot
it feels like when i first started playing dom people had throne point settings where you could totally sneak a midgame win
but now do not
hahaha what the fuck
cataclysm should not occur in a properly setup game
in one of my test games in la ryleh disciple game, one of my dudes went mad and decided to become a prophet even though there was a disciple
and he actually did, the madman
is there any benefit to atlantis having a bunch of guys with void sanity in la
!details blanaced_team

do you like my mispelled lobby
cryle it helps vs la rlyeh
!unregister blanaced_team
<@184675842432040960>: removing user 184675842432040960 from game blanaced_team
they are more or less la rlyeh hate the faction
!register atlantis blanaced_team
<@184675842432040960>: registering ma atlantis for <@184675842432040960>
does it actually give them any benefits though
yes
cuz void sanity afaik is just for void gates?
no
it is to resist insanity checks from la rlyeh dominion also
don't eat the clueeeeeeeeeeeees
also it makes you not as insane if you end up in the void
does insantiy actually do anything to non commanders at all
!register pelagia blanaced_team
<@68614451045076992>: registering ma pelagia for <@68614451045076992>
!register ys blanaced_team
<@114740794476331015>: registering ma ys for <@114740794476331015>
gg mu
in the end i couldn‚Äôt handle the skeletons
can you equip two eyes of the void
since, you know.
pretty sure you only get a bonus from an item once?
may be case-by-case
.tag add nevermore insane (50)
.tags nevermore
probably doesn't like brackets
.tag add nevermore insane
.tags nevermore
hm
.tags conot
.tags ramc
so a disciple game huh
kinda fucked up that asphodel without its dominion is basically pangaea
they dont have seduction which is a very big deal
they also dont have any blood
i mean they‚Äôre still absurd
üíÄ
can't look @ the turn until tomorrow.
how do disciple games work anyway
i know the basics but
what do you want to know
the correct asnwer would be "very carefully" or "poorly"
one gamer is the pretender for the team, their pretender must be base dominion 3 or 4. it determines the bless and scales of all the members of the team
and also when all of the disciples become active
no one is allowed to make a prophet but disciples and pretenders autobless everything on their side of the battle every turn (i havent tested if disciples autobless outside dominion like pretenders do (i also havent tested if thats fixed yet since its a bug))
also all disciples are allowed to claim thrones
disciples become active i think in half of the time pretenders do
so awake=awake dormant=6 monthsish imprisoned a year and a half
oh, so disciples is just like, team mode almost?
disciples have to be dom 1 or 2 and disciples dont get ot pick anything except chassis and paths
yeah
neat
then in game you can use eachothers labs for to do wizardy things i think
and you can do a special order to give a province to your ally
(if you both have a commander there)
i presume you can have armies on the same provinces and other things like that
and dominion score is shared obviously
yeah
the game attempts to caluclate whos army is stronger for who will siege a fort or defend ap rovince first
it seems semi-fun, but i'm already in more games then the dominions mp ui can hold so
!details
how many games can the dominions mp ui hold

hello fiends
8
i'm actually only in 7 rn but the way it shifts off old games means that that blitz we played ages ago is still sitting there while actual games i actually play get bumped off
and theres no way to delete entries
its hecadumb
eventually it will bump off
yeah
after a turn of playing your active games
im pretty sure you put your cursor on the gam
and press delete
oh
neat
well, that saves me recycling more game entires
<:rip:372893660963930112> conot
<@!148098869782118401> nevermore should probably not ping people as part of its markov
.request https://puu.sh/zfy0r/0e91280e27.png not this
you are going to burnout like hell at some point
nah, i'm fine for the moment
the most irritating part is that i'm yomi in like
3 games
that‚Äôs your own fault
so evertime someone diplos me about yomi i have to like
<@317410996169736204>
figure out which game it is
im yomi in 2 games and la pythium in 2 games
anyway, i'm basically already dead in one of those games, and 2 more of those games are probably going to fizzle out/die based on how many people have gone ai
but no one ever diplomances me becuase every time anyone diplomances me they lose, becuase im the greatest diplomancer alive
so why‚Äôd i win then huh
???
in lanights
please carefully reread the words i wrote and try to apply them to the situation
do you think if i just stop taking in any fluids my nose will stop running before i die
i don't diplomance jsoh because then he cyber bullies me and invades
greetings decrepus
i am the forest planet
he is a known fuckre
i forget whether he is a hitler retard betrayer though
check with skybot on irc
it looks like there are two hitler retard betrayers:
foolofsound and rockyb
wow, what a thing to come back to
thanks
did the ai actually hurt you jsoh
i just kinda gave up and let it take a shot
asphodel will still have freespawn, but not as a disciple
!details

partialling for a sec
have to videorecord me fixing a silly mistake
will unpartial shortly
!details

<@160127200803160064> the command is just .tag, not .tag add
you tagged add
.tags add
i'll work on the ping thing
rip
.tag nevermore insane (100)
.tag rockybst hitler retard betrayer
harsh
please if you're going to do that without the db dump, at least use the interesting ones
i still like tartacular
35176 spiders/m¬≥ is good too
i can‚Äôt remember my irc titles
.tags jonjoe
i am v. woke
boing you want to disciples? please come up with a gimmick, nation picks and overall strategy. i'll make the disciple.
<@120391130536738816> / <@289305103704391681> you guys wanna do a discip;es(team) game?
i'm in too much atm sorry
not right noooooow
!details unchill70

!status
!timer
mods
!details

what things are counted as "inanimate." is that units with the tag lifeless?
some of these daeva and spenta are pretty wild
healer(3)
just straight up a death 5 guy
lot of good stuff here
<@68614451045076992> yeah sure!
are there any good games on amazon kindle's shitty store
!details

pee
i'm not going to be able to take my turn until like 5 hours from now
that is fine, you have 20.
<@303193134026981389> zombie gunship ain't bad and is on there, last i checked
i dunno how hard it is in recent years, but it use to be relatively easy to get google play on to an amazon fire tablet though
admitetedly though, i owned like
an og original fire tablet
so most of what i know is probably long out of date
<@282646158218756116> hydra and tarresque, the hot new sitcom for pythium productions
*hydra farts, killing own troops*
terresque: hydra!
*laughtrack*
yeah, i just see two people left
don't want people camping me
!details

rip t'ien ch'i?
if somebody could figure out how to use hydras correctly
that would be great
are they sacred hydras or no
!details

<@120391130536738816> hello friend
i shall have my turn in right now. i just got back from the shopping
let there be new turn
i figured it out it's me
the correct way is to not recruit hydras
smol hydra is sometimes useful if you need massed poison cloud
don't make big hydra
!detail
!details

just u <@378746941980278795>
does the stone bird get affected by weapon blesses?
i know in dom 3 hydras were mostly a trap
everyone attack warbeard he's samogging
stone bird does
and does it trigger the bless 4 times? or does it only happen once
yep, couple hours
!details

man i might record two episodes today
yikes
taught myself basic video editing today though
<@170392794706214912> in what context? in terms of ma agartha's golem dominion it's both lifeless & mindless
shake weight has competition for most suggestive work out equipment

every hit triggers the weapon bless
*squat magic*
i imagine that small non sacred hydras could be useful if you body ethereal them a bunch
still weak to fire
which will probably be online by alt 4
well if you're not dealing with a guy who has fire
couldn't handle romans, went ai
*by romans i mean my statue god standing around being unkillable while wolves ate his armies
basically.
getting home from work, logging in and see that my plans totally failed, putting in another turn and seeing my plans fail again.
i essentially came to dread this game, and maybe if i played on playing dom5 as a hobby i could see the value in slogging through my failure.
but i'm not, so rip.
!details

https://i.imgur.com/ggtdrna.jpg this is my desktop background and "concerning hobbits" is my soundtrack
is that actually your desktop background
yes
nice
mekone
you should try another game!
see, the beauty is that there's always another game
i, too, get really bummed out for a while when things go awry in a game and my grand plans and ideas crumble to dust
but then you go "ok, i'm fucked but how can i have a little fun on the way out?" and just wing it while you lose and look for a new game to jump in to
<@68614451045076992> can i get an emergency extension real quick
im taking my turn rn but something just came up
just reset it and ill submit in the next 2 hours or so
yeah like for example
spent 10 turns alone in my cap waiting for pangaea to be doing something else
so i could fuck some horses
they are weak to fire
they are weak to it being cold outside
they are weak to skeletons
they. are. weak
what i'm getting from this is that they are strong and i should use them
yes
<:wow:372896749716504588>
obviously you take the ethereal bless for them
then you dont need alt 4
#wow #good
someone give me money
https://twitter.com/michelgrabowy/status/959957011453669376
nevermind
who are you
what do you need money for
i am helheim
i need money so i can fuck everyone over
i demand sauro stops resisting effectively
oh lol i was confusing the helheim flag and the fomor flag for a bit
i though ti submitted my turn but it looks like instead of pressing submit i pressed restart turn from scratch
gimme like 5 minutes to fuck up all my battle plans in a novel way
everyone attack uhh
264039348494784754
my flag is a thousand times better
that's me
already said it wouldn't be until tonight
doing it shortly
just put everyone into a cube and send them into the strongest province you can find
hah! i win! i forgot to bring the stargazers with me!
man! this guy stinks!
done
oh hey, hero
oh, nice. what did you get?
state secret
huh
i just realized people are going to be able to tell if fermi is on land or at sea
fermi?
new guy in the hof
new magic site found
i also have one, it generates unrest
i have one as well
it lets me recruit ponymans
also you are cramping my style
i didn't take your shit
you have plenty of land not two provinces from my cap
that is on land
i think the other place i could move that army was onto the farm two provinces from your cap
or the place in your cap circle
ocean?
what about it?
ok guys
does anyone know if nazca beat pythium or vice versa
no clue
also what nerd started in 53
also, i got a random event guys. 1 nature gem.
i got 3 nature gems last turn
god damn pythium's cap circle is raelly bad lol
where is it even
he's at 20
so his cap circle is nazca - throne - ocean - soemthing - cataphracts
oh geez
is that an ocean nation start spot?
its not even a start spot
i meant 5
yeah, 5 is
smoke signals - roma victor
that image
it speaks to me on a personal level
remember, not everyone can play to win, but everyone can absolutely play to spitefully ruin someone else's chances to win.
i need to grow a beard
the only thing worse than having a beard is shaving
somebody make a cat people mod
call it nekone
mekone
neko-ne
meconium
la machaka should be cat people
trying to revive their dead cannibalized-and-dead-again god, they dress up in kithironic (spelling intentional) lion pelts and talk about how great 1n1f is
there is no higher calling
<:prism:372894359680712727>
huh it looks like yomi sacreds got changed to spawn in capital also
having a beard sucks ass.
https://puu.sh/zgg4t/58d37790bb.jpg ai owns
lol
herne is now eleven thousand years old
yay herne
are you going to stop trying to steal my throne now, <@114740794476331015>
wh
i was away
!details blanaced_team

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dvh1fmgvaauxupf.jpg:large
warian grey mfer
that'll actually throw a spanner in my plan... guess i'll see in a bit
everythings very very bad suddenly
yes, nothing was very very bad before but now, it is
a big mystery
everything was merely very bad before.
or, some things were very very bad, and the rest was only very bad
theres one thing thats not very very bad
this si thetruest thing about dominions there is
what is that
i love you : )
https://twitter.com/victoriaxxviii/status/959821662572171265
iloveyou is a beacon of hope in these trying times.
hope i'm not interrupting anything.
stand-off continues. i'm now actively seeking air gems. i got fire earth and death to trade.
god damn you cryle i can't outmaneuver you if you're just acting at random
i mean
that is the entire point of ma ermor
!details

!unit caveman
<@148098869782118401>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=caveman&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
<@110124675580862464> we should talk about not running into each other sometime
fuck
cavemans are size 3 so i cant send troglodytes at them
i bet my quintuple bless ermor knights can handle them.
they have 2 attacks with 23 strength so they would shred cavemans but they are fuckin size 4 tramplers so instead they will step on them and do tiny baby dmaage and die
friendly fire yourself with the shrink spell
wait is trample damage now based on size differential?
wasn't in dom 4, you either did quite a lot of damage or you attacked
2 attacks with 23 strength will kill a cavemans stepping on them will not
rip
2 slashing attacks vs 3 prot
wtf, why is my yomi banner now orange
cavemen extremely good vs a handful of things
your yomi banner is now orange because you downloaded the bad nations mod get owned
fucked up
i think if you unload the mod and restart the game it will be back to normal
doesn't require a restart, but yeah
tfw your lone mage causes a fire drake to morale route just by no-selling its fire

ü§î
<@!160127200803160064>
i do not understand your anime references
oh in reference to the mage thing
lol
oh boing i found you in bad
enjoy your cave troll province
are you marverni again
this seems dumb
"hmm i wonder who is casting this abysia national spell on me"
10 gems lol
does it cause pop loss and unit dmg and stuff
or is it literally just +3 heat
bc lol
pop loss and unrest i think
thats ok i guess if you want to murder summer
plus heat and i think turmoil
sec i'll find it
https://puu.sh/zgosl/f8a3f653e6.jpg
heat death pop unrest
ah well there we go
event 346
good detective work
is that one limited to one per turn per province like the other heat spells or can you just delete someonse capital
i dunno but i might play abysia next
ive never played abysia
are they still 100% toothless against anyone who casts the 'resist fire' spell
no
its not limited
so you can just delete 50% of someones cap as soon as you hit alt 5
nice.
err alt 6
if you have a bunc hof ummm
annointed of rhaux
its 10% popkill
i have created a mathematical model of this strategy

assuming the 10% popkill is calculated sequentially.
it is
seems like bvc are more efficient
same gem cost but you can reuse them!
and you dont need a f4 mage to do it
but you can patrol them out
although do your cap mages still pick up bvcs from battles and disease themselves
i think so yeah
!details

lmao i didnt even realise it was pd
you get a second commander at 20 pd i think
specifically a commander native to that province, unless it is a fort
!details

looks like they normalized dragon fire
they are all str/2
have they made them not modifiable by farshot yet
or have they reserved that, cruelly, for poison spit mostly still
.markov skeletons
.markov maneater
.markov candles
* guest48394 has quit (quit: leaving.)
* kremath (~kremath@synirc-435521c8.hsd1.ca.comcast.net) has joined
<treebot> new turn in unchill70 (53). defeated: ea ermor, ea mictlan, ea pangaea, ea fomoria, ea vanheim, ea niefelheim
<homero>   _.----------------------------------------._
<homero>  |                    rip                     |
<homero>  |     ermor, mictlan, pangaea, fomoria,      |
<homero>  |            vanheim, niefelheim             |
<homero>  |____________________________________________|
<homero> |______________________________________________|
someone won a game on irc i guess?
maybe of dominions 4?
or maybe riidi lost a game on irc
and none of the rest of us were in it
samogbot should spam chat about new turns and nations going rip, imo
i do miss the rips
!details unchill70

!gamewinners
.gamewinners
ah well
tempted to add "human" as a joke but probably shouldn't, so it's good the bot is offline i suppose
or that we just don't have that feature yet
you should just tag people as gamewinners
.tagged gamewinners
if you are yomi, get 20 fort pd imo
always burns enemy mage gems
logistical headache and with the new self-maiming casting system it might actually mute/feeblemind the enemy just for moving on your province
.request rip
that should be a samogbot thing imo
otoh boing it will cause nevermore to fatuously rip people
i tried making him react with the <:rip:372893660963930112> emoji whenever anyone says it but emoji reacts for bots seem to be fucked
:sad:
oh do casters always self-maim now
20pd is the limit from where a mage will decide its a big enough army to spend gems on?
i think its because yomi gets a mage at 20 pd and mages are treated as more threatening by the gem ai right?
i lost a game üò•
game loser
i was pan and got bogged down in quadbless mixtlan
yomi gets a 3 path mage on their fort at 20 pd ya
ideally i want to roll up pythium wnd nasca both but i probably won't be that lucky
plus quite a lot of soldiers so it's spend gems time
casters do not always self maim but if you go over 200 fatigue (very very possible with buffs like like after death plus even just 2 gem stuff in drain) you can get afflictions very easy
this is problematic for a bunch of factions with death / air mages but human hp
can you still do the thing where you cast life after death and suicide pact a bunch of your own priests to get undead priests
that will own in the game where im la ctis
sweet, tropico 6 is due this year.
fuck why am i always the main threat
yes but most nations cannot create more undead with undead priests
unless they are specifically tagged to reanimate
so for example ea tc in the ea tc game i'm in, soulless are just sort of useful for having quite okay hp as communion slaves
we call that 'losing the race in the garage'
but they cannot make more longdead/ghouls etc.
if you're la ctis i think you might be in luck
!unit grave consort
<@148098869782118401>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=grave%20consort&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
hmm they explicitly have the reanimpriest tag
i might not be in luck
no la ctis is a different kettle of fish i think
where all undead priests get it (lanka for example has this)
unless they changed it surreptitiously in the last patch
üôè  please be the sequel tropico 2 deserves
yo there's so much fuckin dlc for tropico 5, is any of it good
christ knows
i only really enjoyed the colonial part and then it turned into tropico 4 again
but the constantly ticking down mandate and low tech bit, üíØ
!details

no
none of the tropico 5 dlc is good
"here is a jail but with a religious theme" "here is a jail but with a mental asylum theme"
http://tropico.wikia.com/wiki/tropico_5:_epic_meltdown finally the dlc we needed
ill test later
!details blanaced_team

<@120391130536738816> / <@289305103704391681> find a teammate and register when you can
!unregister blanaced_team
<@170392794706214912>: removing user 170392794706214912 from game blanaced_team
<@184675842432040960> just read your thread and you must be delusional if you think i'm going to be on a team with you
lol
i ain't laughin.
find someone else who hasn't just read what you think of them.
https://youtu.be/a7-oegis6xk
<@120391130536738816> why don't we just pick eachother? i'm fine with being a deciple
hey this is the stupid robot channel, you stupid robot
nah nah haha
!details

!details

post the thread
its on a private forum sorry
and you cast eyes of god and didnt post the fucking graphs!!!!!!!!!!
https://youtu.be/y9ngh1mo_w8?t=12
who is the gamewinner ea agartha
so they can get the inaugural real game winner tag
karphead, who doesnt come here
he was agartha
ulm's gone. did someone beat them?
wasnt me
u could call that a double victory ha ha.
elf
??????
it was
mu
the saurofolk
buff has the geaphs too
i was ulm
and im
ded
maybe he will post them
well the game ended right
so everyone has graphs
a 0 pop province shouldnt be able to maintain a dominion
you can be worshipped by ghosts and skeletons.
yeah but if theres noncombatabt undead they should have freedom of religious expression and also pay taxes
undead don't need gold, they don't eat food or require material possessions
lemuria is a communist utopia
anyway, cryle, i hope that you got everything you wanted out of the game
you didn't get a win, of course, but you sure as fuck managed to insult me behind my back a shitload and preserve how much of a piece of shit you are for me to see
a man who casts eye of god and doesnt reveal graphs
is probably winning i guess
or extremely lazy about screenshots
he should sell the graphs for gems and money
i'm lazy about screenshots these days personally
boing i tried this entrepreneurship in ea tc game
no takers, sad!
thanks obaman
.tag jbrereton failed omniscience startup
the 5 remaining players are locked in an incredibly stupid conflict that i think ur is going to win because the map is, not good
effectively imagine a tube of land adjoining a lake on both sides
he lost the turn after he castr it actually
where also one of the start spots is the top of the lake
lmao destroyed
i have definitely played on that map
!details

!details

<@110869804197351424> do the thing
who is arco making all of these bad posts in global
i am busy
abysia must die
they are the main threat
what, what reality is this that i have stumbled into
gerry adams endorses corbyn as uk prime minister
rude
it's pankorin' time
who
(the former)
why does this moon, where the skeletons live
have two provinces filled with skeletons
i am well aware who our glorious soviet leader is
the absolute boy
lmao
imagine not knowing who gerry adams is
i wish we had jeremy corbyn
longdead horse and ghouls are nasty in pd
same
i mean i wish we had him for prime minister
'maybe homeless people should have places to live' whoa fucked up
especially now there's rumours that he'll bow to his party's anti-brexit wishes
corbyn +anti-brexit = god king
eww i seem to have a decrepus infection on my border
i love that by all appearances corbyn is also just like a good dude
loads of photos from rallies in the 60s
gonadic io gerry adams is a twitter star from belfast, very much the krang t nelson of irish politics
idk
makes sense
the only irish politics i follow is whether or not they're going to ban brexit refugees from me from getting passports
and they're too late now
if you're not from northern ireland or ireland you're not getting an irish passport
got my citizenship alreayd btich
nice
thanks grandad
gerry adams is the guy who made thunderbirds, duh
lmao
gerry adams' ufo
http://uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/thunderbirds
i hope his dreams of 32 county supermarionation come to fruition.
planet ermor
planet of the we're not ermor, honest guv skeleton men
we're the 'reformed' empire
<@114740794476331015> do the thing
tfw when one of your mages gets a handy path boost but also sent to hell on turn 7
on it
tfw you want a 32 county united irish republic
return twice as powerful!
feel felt
new turn new turn new turn
nice.
real sad herne doesnt get ot keep the shit he loots off mooks
wow these russian horse are bad
wtf
someone start another la game i will not give up on the russians
herne is eleven thousand nine hundred and fifty five years old now
whens he reaching negative max hp
it's cryle!!!!
he starts every fight with mass regen
into healing touching himself until hes maxed ouy
!details

dsp msking cup noodles might be the pinnacle of all human artistic endeavor
time 4 la game yall
god i hate it when your commander runs out of "fucking hold still idiot" commands, and then comes up to melee or something
then he dies
did i win <@178868273935417344>
no
but i lost like
10 more horses
than you lost lizards
and theyre already twice as expensive
damn i was meant to win.
those tomb guards cost valuable undead h3 priest turns
if youd kept all the chariots there
err tomb chariots i mean
oh i moved them right
oh the chariots all won
i need to look at the turn
therres a stay behind troops command
stay behind troons
lmao bot
a convincing rout imo
its true
i should have expected an attack
used it, but when you only have like 5 troops
stay behind troops is just renamed attack / fire / cast spelsl btw
on the other hand the d1 naked empoisoner thug performed admirably
a zhayden has appeared next to my things so i am instantly defeated
fuck offffffff.  a world event has been forseen to occur in 3 months  
i'm going to start preparing for it now, because fuck that
protip: putting fire aura things next to cold blooded things makes it worse, not better
( üò¶ )
!details blanaced_team

wow this game with 3 underwater nations and a popkill nation will never start
disciple asphodel
powerful
but yeah my turn lust is legendary and even i wont touch this game
are people not using brainwrinkle anymore?
its a trend started by the guy who made the site in the first place
damn i wishj we could go back to the carefree days of a terrible two-step hosting system that doesnt actually show turn progress at all, instead of instant updates and the ability to name and shame
is it conjuration
and you arleady spent all your gems
why my.. good luck so good!?

cryle we had an irc bot that did all of the updating stuff
and we had brainwrinkle for signups
it was nice
doing our best not to
cryle don't forget not knowing which nation you're playing or others have signed up with
thank you for making the new bot tho
it is also good
(still spending gems üòÉ ) 
unfortunately this up & coming one isn't a magic discount event
is it 'caelum breaks free from having 3 forts sieged by different people'
be prepared.
tsk tsk lanka
what happened to turmoil bro honour
!details

demiurge, no less!
please enjoy lanka's pain
have you tried the 'attack rear command' idk ive heard good things
the bot relentlessly harassing you if you're the last person to submit, is very good.
dont do it to me though im your friend. im protecting u from rpedatory ghosts and gigantes
it's just become second habit now to leave a group of dudes at the rear when i'm fighting caelum
since they all do attack rear
dont need to worry about attack rear if all your commanders are scripted to attack closest
jbre are you lping this game
i know you do that sometimes
it's a bit more deadly now, since they can hit rear-ish units instead of consistently the rearmost
c.f. this
a shameful mammoth
shamefur dispray

somebody make a :palpatine:
either him smiling after using lightning or him as a senator loving democracy
im pretty sure our emojis are perfect already
you dont even have
!details

we might actually have a 2-turn day
<@!160127200803160064> the twenty five knights you ran into were due to knightly order
i took a thing in your cap circle and knightly order spawned lol
basically the game is screaming fuck jomon continuously
all of them but mugs balloney are online
i'm not
fewer cute remarks more turn taking
it's taken barring wordsing
lawful stupid! take your turn!
are you doing the atlas shrugged thing? because i think people will just start ignoring it
actually can you copy paste now?
no.
this is hand-crafted.
i am defeated
it is, as the french would say, mon petit jeu
no one cares what the french say
john egbert est l'un des personnages principaux de homestuck. c'est un gar√ßon qui, d'apr√®s cette page, n'a pas re√ßu de nom avant son treizi√®me anniversaire; cependant, c'est juste un m√©canisme de cadrage. dans le pass√©, il a fini lettres avec ghostytrickster (john). alors qu'il avait re√ßu √† l'origine le nom "zoosmell pooplord"
are you actually
no. i wisely pinged it
but i am not going to shove guys into like 50 jomon pd
until i have wizards
it's cool that japanese polearms are better than chinese ones for some reason
they are malnourished and only have 9hp to compensate
you can copy paste
i assumed you were
hm it is true the chinese are beefier
i think i need like twice as many guys to win
and probably fear wolves or panic spam
i will instead take possession of his entire cap circle
the yari: somehow deserving of +1 to attack even though glaives, pikes and spears are not. no defense penalty either, 1 more damage than spear (plus two-handed), 1 less than pike, length 4
good polearm
those jap(ane)s(e) know their business
i will never do that to you
plot twist: jomonese have 9 hp because they're all women pretending to be men to join the army
like in mulan or that terry pratchett book
combined with <:illwinter:372894192894214176>
mulan is chinese
mulan is def. chinese
the virgin pikeneer, the yari chad
you can tell because it has eddie murphy in it
terry pratchett is english, jsoh
the story has nothing to do with being chinese.
tc should have a mulan hero though imo
was*
too soon
i am no longer busy
what sick man sends piggies to fight me!?
lets get down to business
to defeat
the huns
did they send me daughters? when i asked for a vampire commander from an random evennnnnt
i gave him a rime hammer and a shambler skin armor
only the finest rng grab bag for my vampire commander with no paths and 12hp
just because he comes back when he dies is no reason not to load him up with equipment that never will
we'll see
before he samog'd by necessity, now he samogs by choice
im real bummed that herne doesnt get to keep the shit he looted off an ai cultist
theres nothing that can be replaced with :blessed: cryle
what do you mean
are all the emojis slots taken
yes
<:hehe:373231691184996352>
get rid of the horrible & retarded shit from civ 5
<:commerce:373227653836308484> <:health:373227653290917890> <:gold:373227653018288131> <:espionage:373227653047517202> <:culture:373227653165088769> <:coin:372899389489938433>
thats from civ4
fuck civ5
we don't need <:hammers:373227653521735680> and <:prod:373229872350363649>  surely
ones resources ones hammers
man
[8:28 pm] cryle: get rid of the horrible & retarded shit from civ 5
what the fuck
more like get rid of cryle imo
this
<:unhealth:373227653567610880>
help my deadlands are being attacked by horses
'should we fight these 5 cav' 'no you two hold him there the rest of us will go charge the back' 'ok'
i dont think i had attack rear but idk maybe
w/e
!details

!details

https://i.imgur.com/xwynfks.jpg
who is helham
good stuff https://puu.sh/zgum4/af5e405b70.jpg
just a couple bony byos
did the bot get hacked by a nazi?

<@282646158218756116>
i just got that as well
<@404222134949380106>  is pming me
lmao
ominous
uhhh https://i.imgur.com/h6q3ojw.png
oh it's the white supremacist bot
that took over map goons
before
bad bot
microsoft tay was an omen
<@!148098869782118401>
all bots are nazis now
lol
butlerian jihad time
i was right all along
gandalf the gay
what in the actual fuck was that
nazis have been hacking into bots to spread discord info
this is apparently *a thing* now
i get an adequate amount of hitler talk in this very channel
i wonder who could have been exposed to this apparently newly created bot
that pretty much eliminates anyone outside of this discord right?
maybe it's contagious, the bot was infected now some of us may become nazias
nazism is a class of lycanthropy isn't it?
üåà
the bot is a nazi now
welcome to 2018
blood magic
see enjoy's mod
.request please dont have the robot recruit for a nazi discord
why is the robot even here
jsoh it feels like mrn flat given about 3/4s of 40 skels died
actaully i dunno
nah i'd say mrn
wow whys the robot trolling me
that is my feeling
i just gave it a restart
.markov
all good
now i need to stop it pinging people.
i have been pinged with that nazi message from another server bot, i think from clockwork hounds
.tag boing poland 1939
does the target server for the nazi discord still exist becuase i dont think discord is nazi friendly
which is great because presumably that means they have had some success recruiting a gamer reich
which is inherently amusing to me
like, accept the invite and report the server as actively subverting other peoples robots to evangelize naziism and im pretty sure discord would shut them down
i think it doesnt send invites to anyone who can kick the robot from the server so i havent gotten any : |
i didnt get any either
it mercifully only messaged people who were online at the time i think
do we still use brain wrinkle
at times
for ea games that have underwaters banned i would use it
which incidentally is all the ea games i would ever set up
im extremely eternally online
i dont think a robot or anyone but me or maybe samog could even see the full userlist
because discord in ints infinite wisdom has prevented this
how am i supposed to figure out if there are any games open
!list

!details üçÜ

<@255835336083636234> make a seperate section on the server list for games that are waiting on signups plz. atho i guess theo nes without a address are that
!details

ok it shouldnt ping people in markovs anymore
.markov <@282646158218756116>
dammit.
i think you just put pointy brackets around stuff
< <@!148098869782118401> >
fuck you discord
i filtered that pattern out of the function that compiles the corpus and it worked in test but not on you for some reason
maybe just tell the robot to not say at on anyones name
thats exactly what i did
or just not add the nubmers
so it will say <@282646158218756116> instead of <@282646158218756116>
<@282646158218756116>
actually tihs appears to still ping me
this is how it looks in plaintext:
<@404222134949380106>  is pming me
@boing
god damn it
in other news i found out today a new jeff rosenstock record has been out for the entire year! and it slays!

.markov <@!148098869782118401>
hmm. tests.
well , it probably would say just at boing in test since thats not your real name
my testing environment is highly sophisticated
boings an idiot, should be fixed now
if its not let me and also boing know
.markov <@!148098869782118401>
there we go
.markov <@!160127200803160064>
it still pings tho
only if you ask for it
it got me so angry i immediately blocked that guy without thinking further about it
those mentions don't exist in the corpus anymore so it will never use them for markov chains
ahh
.markov nazi bot
.tags nevermore
.tag nazi propagandist
it can't ping me anymore, since i blocked it (hint, hint)
it got hacked libluini
well, you dont ahve to but i support you either way
that's why it was spraying internet fecal matter
.tag nevermore nazi propagandist
.tags nazi
great work conot
well, blocking it blocks the shit, apparently
honk
i know, just letting you know its not an intended feature or anything <@132118617163563008> :v
this records so good
hmm, does listening to vinyl still make you a hipster or does it just make you old now
i've lost track
im not old or a hipster i just say record
i down loaded it from the internet as a collection of mp3s
then it's not a record!!!
yes it is!
at best its an album!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/digital_recording
do you know the etymology of that usage of the world album? it would be the book you stored the various very short portions of a recorded symphony
in
the fact that it's a recording does not mean anyone would call a song or a collection of songs a record unless it was on, for example, a vinyl record :colbert:
thats wrong , very obviously
since i just did !\
i mean, i'd already discounted you as a person in general
.tag conot medium prescriptivist
a collection of songs or even one song so long as it is recorded is a record, very simple
from an absolute point of view, sure, from a common usage point of view, no.
hey that one was almost coherent
where do people not describe a new release of songs as a "record"
like "the new taylor swift record" or whatever is very normal words to say on a musical radio station here
this record owns
its so good i always think its almost over because how could it be so good and only be half over
a major influencing factor on me calling this a record, is it was released by the record label "quoteunquoterecords"
taylor swift album 100% of the time
maybe this is a regionalism though
what region
uk in my case.
wtf
i am a uker
and would say "record" for most things
anime rots your brain kids
is this going to be like when i found out 2 people from #dom4goons lived within 5 km of me
maybe you are neighbours
the uk isn't *that* small
nor is canada
no but theres only like 3 cities total in canada
i say this with my deep knowledge of canadian geography and politics
.tag conot canada ignoramus
https://i.imgur.com/zx6qkxa.jpg tag yourself
.tag jbrereton imperial lapdog hipster
im cob, i think
i thought the robot was going to foreverally ignore conot on account of anime avatar
conot do they have cob houses in your neck of the woods
im starque
billions of mario  is a good one also
this is a great pretender name document
to the north of me, probably
wait is that an auto coachella generator
my part is pretty urban
oh right conot is from the deep south
<@282646158218756116> i think boing misunderstood and made him only respond to me
yeah its a neural network generated coachella lineup
one of pig
.markov one of pig
welcome back from the reducation camps <@404222134949380106>
first they came for the twitter bots, and i said nothing, because i was not a twitter bot. then they came for the markov bots...
bogwolf is a great steppenwolf cover band
the people of bulgaria will see you dead for this
i do like "jonathan is high" as a band name
goof alibi
https://twitter.com/tristanacooper/status/959504622988783616
as a counterpoint to the new jeff rosenstock record being extremely good: the new ought record sucks shit!!!!!
!details

!details

im gonna write a convolutional neural network that detects anime profile pics
!details

only if you can ensure that it doesnt detect my picture as anime
homestuck is an anime and i hope the bot also knows how to treat "those" users
my avatar predates homestuck!!!!!
boing is the dog in your avatar your dog
no but i wish
my donair spot has had its delivery page broken for like 3 months! fuck!
everywhere else is not as good
oh man this record ive been ranting about was recorded the day before it was released, live to tap
e
i love jeff rosentsock so muich holy shit
wait maybe not, i misred
im stupid. ignore everything ive ever said
apparently this is now a thing
snek already supports the flag, i just removed the checkbox
nice
so people dont have to bother you to do settings for their stupid dogshit disciple game that will never start
exactly
the future is here
so is the furnature
.markov nazi
lol the redletter media pre released trailer reaction to the han solo movie actually fits almost perfectly
i dont want to play disciples
cmon
i am my own man, kremath
cmoooooon
find a partner and do the dosey do
or
however you spell the shitty way to dance
!details blanaced_team

that game looks awful
jesus
2 shamans?
where is the turn person whose name i can't tell because i'm on my phone
also did liches always have the burgundy robes
why is it an anyway
do the bugs get inside your armour
yes
what if you are a statue made of solid stone
they get inside your stone
read worm to find out more
mugbaloney is the scoundrel
everything about blanaced_team is wrong and unsettling
!details

why is all the chat i want to see happening in this channel
does anyone know where dominions 5 stores its music
the
ah here we go, gundry1 through gundry12 in the sounds folder
2 shamans jsoh; with thistle maces they made literally like 300 buggos as well as howl, and the several flying squads on attack rear didn't attack them so they just got ground down, sad!
if i did not lose fifty two guys stygian pathing who knows what would have happened
oh also the lich tried to shadow blast the water elemental from a bottle instead of the massive squad of buffalos with 5 mr, which, lol
how do i defend againts like 4 zhaydens who have wandered next to me
i think i am instantly defeated
you're pythium right?
yeah
man has also taken 2 provinces within 16 move of my capital
as pythium i think you buggo the zhayedens and maybe sleep or vine arrow them also
what is the ragha bless in lanight i don't recall
also try to assassinate the leaders since i guess you can make 3 / turn
it's a lot
it's regen/quickness/something else i think
uhhh
it's like a quad/quint bless
i dont think i can bug that
isnt bug like 125 speed
i think you can due to fatigue on the gryphons
it is but you also presumably have 50 mages at least
its turn 15
i killed quite a lot of them with withering weapons, if you have that, go for that
ya turn 15 as pythium
i'm being bullied
have the based heavy cav provs saved you or not so far
no man just walks heavier cav
oh that's from the other side
no idea about that side of the world
la man is probably the best nation in the era beside ragha i think
he's also sending magisters arcane what do those even do this early
i see like 4
maybe strength of giants or some shit
is there time for stellar cascades?
stellar cascades is a waste of time if you have buggos vs 20 fatigue/turn gryphmen
does anyone know how to play a .sw2 file
very carefully.
<@255835336083636234> did you figure out how to keep your bot from turning nazi
the trick is not to put your password on the internet
give us the turn mugs
i bow to your wisdom, great master
i mean this kind of thing is literally my job
what is your actual job
scala
i write server applications very much like this one - take commands, talk to a db, etc etc
sounds useful but also horrible
much like your posting
i honestly love programming
hence why i also do it as a hobby
please teach your robot to recognize the correct context for "much like your posting" and "very carefully"
that's more the realm of boing's bot
yes
i also love programming but nobody ever taught me software engineering principles so my code is probably really bad
much like your posting
the context for 'very carefully' is quite easy but that one is harder
"is ... shit/bad"
also it would be very important to have the robots response be delayed, to that
the effects on channel morale would be disasterous if it was impossible for humans to use the ancient forms for burns
it would have to recognise when it has been beaten to the punch
boing if you're serious i recommend one of these: https://www.amazon.co.uk/pragmatic-programmer-andrew-hunt/dp/020161622x
programmers also get paid way too much right now
and probably for at least the next 15 years before current middle schoolers catch up and bloat the market
nah
note to others: that book assumes you already know how to write code (badly) and isn't suitable for complete beginners
googles gunna teach a robot to write code and obsolete everyone
we'll see
fully automated global poverty
i mean we're on our way yeah
holding out for robotic ceos
i have made the dubious decision of specialising in machine learning and robotics, and then staying in academia where nobody will pay you for it
but coal miners still exist, so i assume programmers have a while yet
yeah ml people get paid more than regular old programmers for sure
easy enough to move out of academia
(as i discovered for myself halfway through my phd)
a wise choice
i should maybe have... a career
yeah i don't even slightly regret it
that book looks good, i may read it
it is
i tried learning c but its such a horrible language i would never want to actually have a job coding in it
agreed
i decided to leave my fortran experience off my cv
and if anybody asks i'll deny it
lol, exactly
i made the mistake of leaving sas coding on mine üò¶
got an interview on wed where i could be "doing the data engineering" for a startup
im scared
lmao
i mean good luck
thinking emojii but everything is in the wrong place
data engineering means unfucking databases that were started 5 years ago right
it means running the sql installer and making some tables randomly
in a startup where they use phrases like "doing the data engineering" it means fucking them in the ffirst place
yes what gon said
and/or running some statistics
which the business people can only describe to you in vague terms
oh ive just had to deal with those 5 years later
you should engineer it to be a bunch of linked excel and access documents imo
its incredibly bad
i didn't know we worked at the same company
my old job had an excel file containing java code
!details

4 humans left
the spreadsheet was read by a groovy application and the java executed
soz lectures out the ass today
badass
that's a groovy application alright
a funny quote about dungeon crawl.
he's right
well i cant find it
are you on irc
yes it shows me a recipe
maybe it's ?crawl or ?stonesoup.
i bet someone replaced it on the irc bot specifically to annoy you
its samogs sweet and sour soup recipe i think
hot and sour
the best thing about the discord app for phones is that it just doesn't give a fuck if you told it to mute a channel sometimes
the discord app for phones also doesnt know when i've read a private message and will keep telling me to read it, constantly
try ?stone.
also sometimes if you get @ed it just doesn't bother ever clearing the notification for that
ask samog what it was imo.
<+skybot> stone soup, the famous soup where you strain out all the vegetables that these assholes keep throwing in, so that they don't distract from the stone
that is the quote yes.
that happens in my experiecne when you get a notification on your phone
hot and sour soup is easy to make, just put some hot and some sour in a soup
furious scuffles at pythium. glad i can churn out hitler birds.
and then read it on your pc
.remember soup stone soup, the famous soup where you strain out all the vegetables that these assholes keep throwing in, so that they don't distract from the stone
i have fulfilled your request, mu
ty.
.remember trungus
you have to tell it something to remember
and then you recall with just the cue
.ruby
.remember cmon just remember trungus
how is the pythium v nazca question not resolved yet
it should have been resolved on turn three
.remember walgreets http://imgur.com/rl6tqhz
what has happen
why are you taking photos of your monitor
he tried to expand normally
and now i have condors
holy shit
oh i made it case insensitive, that was a mistake
the fool
kremath [3/18] 2014-11-11 <walgreets> is there a way to take a screenshot in battle. other than replaying it in windowed <jsoh> take a picture of your monitor with a camera <walgreets> http://imgur.com/rl6tqhz
that should be a quote imo
.q add walgreets is there a way to take a screenshot in battle. other than replaying it in windowed <jsoh> take a picture of your monitor with a camera <walgreets> http://imgur.com/rl6tqhz
holy shit
.q walgreets
nice.
nice, its not case insensitive
i have also fixed it so that the dot command is case insensitive but the content of it is not, so it's fine now
.forget walgreets
how did it perfectly work for rp
but not for walgreets
?rp
.rp
because i changed it in between, and then i changed it back
he has died
that's an enkidon't
what a maroon
idiot, fool, moron child.
i am opening the arcosephalic pearl shop. 25g per pearl. let me lay some pearls on ~you~
no.
hmm i'm going ai in this game i think due to too much bad expanding
as well as the not named guy getting propheted
aw man
!details

sauro either forgot to make pd or i have finally broken his economy
!details

my beautiful game is coming apart at the seams
oh yeah, has anyone had problems with tiles being poorly synced up
not on my planet so far
the mountains at the top of the world i'm not are really grubby in terms of what is even a province
but other than that not too bad
don't give up jbre, you can always suicide prophet and redeem yourself in 6 months
nah i'm kinda burnt out on dominions atm and playing shinuyama for the next month and a half until i die does not sound particularly fun
ok!
where are you so i know where easy pickings are
i forgot and deleted the game out my list
can you at least find a sub
https://i.imgur.com/0t3ppdl.png
no i'm very mediocre expansion shinu without enough stuff to be assed with not going ai, there is not exactly a springboard for someone to do anything interesting with that
like what's the problem with me just goin ai i don't get it here
not going to lie, my corner of the map is probably going to be ai pythium and nazca pretty soon
lol the walgreets photo
and oceania
.ruby
rip smerdyakov
murdered by the kgb
alternatively lots of vodka
pankor sores
so comparing the two-handed flail to the battle axe. i probably want the two-handed flail to kill weak protection stuff and the battleaxe to kill armored stuff, right?
everybody loves a shield
!details blanaced_team

the shield thing is important i guess, but the damage difference is big.
and things with shields also have armor a lot of the times
!details

well to begin with you dont want either of those if you're just killing chaff/pd
for killing enemy thugs ive no idea id have to look at weapons
but probably some an thing or the chest wound axe thing
i'm just thinking about which variety of ulm to make for expansion
and fighting later on
i almost feel like the pike dudes are worth expanding with, just because there usually aren't too many indy xbows
omg hes talking about pankor
maybe
ok well
im just gonna tell you right here, right now, there are in fact a lot of indie xbows on your planet
i haven't even found another player fucker yet
so either i'm alone or my battle buddy is expanding horribly
what do i do if i have more money than i can spend
diplomacyy
give to me
give it to me
im killing you
you stole it from me so its only fair
see
this man is robbing me
what's happening to oceania?
(and ai man)
!details

dark skies is a hilariously dumb spell.
i was attacked by militia with 0 morale and leaders with 3 morale
they really want to go home to their families.
who is arco in pankor
and can someone please kill him
<:prism:372894359680712727>
man isn't going ai and if nazca and pythium both go ai that's good news for oceania who is right there
i think only pyth is probably the one who will ai
and that super nazcar will occur
you'll want to make the shield dudes with the hammer i think (they have the highest defense)
doesn't matter what the enemy has because ulm armor defeats indies so it's fine
and the high prot/defence means you have to ferry less/have more land taking armies
i thought the hammer dudes were trash, but i didn't look at defense
but everything changed when the fire nation attacked
as long as you have enough dudes to make a line so they won't get surrounded
i just imagine them with a ballpin hammer
lol
yeah the hammer has the least -defense bonus for ulm
sadly they have no swords
unless oceania stops him
<@264039348494794754> is our only hope
or something
morningstar is -2 and hammer is -1
i wonder how pike dudes compare to them in melee
like how much the shitty defense is mitigated by repel
repel is a fucky mechanic
and i don't rely on it
lol
unless it's against poison spikey skin
ahhh it seems like poor man's awe
pretty much
i've tried squads of both, by the time it takes for half of my pikedudes to die, i'll have lost none or like 3 shield dudes
and all it takes is like 1 heavy cav or berserk attack to wipe them all out
which is why having a shield is good
yeah. that makes sense
and ulm troops really aren't about killing as much as they are about not getting killed
so later on, the shields make more sense
yea
and then if i really need something to kill something fat and armored, i could make the axe dudes
also hammer does the most damage lol
also i'm talking abt ma ulm oops
you talking abt ea?
no ma
do they have axe dudes??
two-handers
they have mauls and halberds
and even then, i'd probably be using the guardian dudes, because most fat things will be gods or sacreds
yeah
it's funny how there was a good godkiller nation called ma ulm and then illwinter decided that they needed another far shittier one, so they made mekone
black knights would be better troops vs thugs etc
or thugging out your heretic commander
63 resources !
oh yeah. he's cool
and 1 commander point
you have infinite resources, you're ulm
your basic bitch researcher has +resource on it
i love how the master smith is my basic bitch researcher
because he's also chad battlemagic wizman
true
i just call anything that only has 2 commander points a basic bitch researcher
which is neat for c'tis because they are also your battlemages
i was just gonna say: sauromancers are not basic bitches
yea
also recruit anywher
it's crazy
it's too bad you have yo choose between priest smiths or black priests
it's too bad you have yo choose between priest smiths or black priests
cause black priests have a chance of being meteor lobbers
cause black priests have a chance of being meteor lobbers
i guess you could dial down on the priest smiths when you decide how much res you want sitting on your cap
i guess you could dial down on the priest smiths when you decide how much res you want sitting on your cap
i just want more iron darts
i just want more iron darts
you also want meteors
you also want meteors
can't master smiths do that?
with a higher chance of getting astral too?
with a higher chance of getting astral too?
nah they can't
nah they can't
er wait
er wait
lemme see
lemme see
yeah they do
yeah they do
but no +res
but no +res
oh wait
oh wait
they do
they do
nm
nm
yeah. i think the black priests are mostly for the inquistitor
yeah. i think the black priests are mostly for the inquistitor
but they can't do iron shotguns
yeah exactly
yeah exactly
make pikes
make pikes
for expand
for expand
!list
!list


for big fucker piles of crossbows you can make a few black knights if desired to go punch them. you need like 5 to clear a big pile
for big fucker piles of crossbows you can make a few black knights if desired to go punch them. you need like 5 to clear a big pile
assuming you have stuff in the front to attract all the melee
assuming you have stuff in the front to attract all the melee
so the knights can go in on attack archer and clean them out
so the knights can go in on attack archer and clean them out
!details mekone


thats a blank message for me krem
thats a blank message for me krem
i see zilch
i see zilch
weird
weird
check your settings??
whats ettings are there to check
whats ettings are there to check
its a fkin bot that speaks text yeah?
its a fkin bot that speaks text yeah?
or is that supposed to be an image
or is that supposed to be an image
yeah but it posts it in the little paste box that i don't know what to name
yeah but it posts it in the little paste box that i don't know what to name
can you snipping tool it
can you snipping tool it
https://i.imgur.com/qtkmq26.png
https://i.imgur.com/qtkmq26.png
it looks fine to everyone else so far i think
it looks fine to everyone else so far i think
weird, my client is up to date
weird, my client is up to date
in the history of all of these channels
in the history of all of these channels
yeah except this guy apparently
yeah except this guy apparently


wow huh
wow huh
<@255835336083636234>
<@255835336083636234>
that is pretty weird
that is pretty weird
probably not a bot problem tho
probably not a bot problem tho
yeah idk
yeah idk
who is the dev?
who is the dev?
google the problem i guess
google the problem i guess
gonadic is
gonadic is
he probably has a name for the paste in box thing
he probably has a name for the paste in box thing
so you can know what to google
so you can know what to google
gronad, got it
right
thats why i asked
thats why i asked
did you try turning it off and on again
did you try turning it off and on again
<@255835336083636234>  is there any special third party integration you're using to generate the response frame from the bot?   whats that feature called
<@255835336083636234>  is there any special third party integration you're using to generate the response frame from the bot?   whats that feature called
we got a professional computer janitor over here
we got a professional computer janitor over here
if the on and off again doesn't work call someone else
if the on and off again doesn't work call someone else
hmm it seems different then a quote box
hmm it seems different then a quote box
`test`
`test`
```test```
```test```
``test``
``test``
``````test``````
``````test``````
"test"
"test"
!list
!list


|test|
|test|
embed:test
embed:test
üòÉ
üòÉ
machaka is an old religious kingdom divided into clans of totem worship. 
each clan follows the spirit of the totem, worships them as bringing civilization, and talks about myths about their relationship with people. 
over the centuries, the lion family ruled others and built a unified kingdom under its wise rule. 
the shishi clan is under the blessing of a lion and they are better than other people.
machaka is an old religious kingdom divided into clans of totem worship. 
each clan follows the spirit of the totem, worships them as bringing civilization, and talks about myths about their relationship with people. 
over the centuries, the lion family ruled others and built a unified kingdom under its wise rule. 
the shishi clan is under the blessing of a lion and they are better than other people.
its right there in the wiki. barbs/berries btfo
its right there in the wiki. barbs/berries btfo
its cryle
its cryle
!help
!help
<@170392794706214912>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
<@170392794706214912>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
!delete unchill70
!delete unchill70
<@170392794706214912>: successfully removed server unchill70
<@170392794706214912>: successfully removed server unchill70
ha ha ah thats some really great discussion about ulm so how would you best murder people with 9 mr just wondering also you are arcos
ha ha ah thats some really great discussion about ulm so how would you best murder people with 9 mr just wondering also you are arcos
you trample them a lot and die anyways because you can't micro first hit tramples any more and they brutalize your elephants like 3 squares in
*wisely:* fart companions
the japanese just call machaka 'cat'
the japanese just call machaka 'cat'
all ulms have a hidden homophobia (3) penalty against heart companions
all ulms have a hidden homophobia (3) penalty against heart companions
your strategem cannot fail
your strategem cannot fail
c.f. shart guards; skinshitters
c.f. shart guards; skinshitters
skinshifters just flat out kill sharts
skinshifters just flat out kill sharts
though with rec point change it's harder to just mass a huge pile so not as badly now maybe?
skinshitter: i just shit a piece of my ass, out of my ass
skinshitter: i just shit a piece of my ass, out of my ass
philosopher's magical study will be more powerful in the lazy dominant sphere.
philosopher's magical study will be more powerful in the lazy dominant sphere.
take sloth three so that you can have an extra level of research before your cap is broken
take sloth three so that you can have an extra level of research before your cap is broken
aren't those two com points anyways
aren't those two com points anyways
completely negating any edge scenario in which you recruited one ever
completely negating any edge scenario in which you recruited one ever
i made a lot of philosophers my first ever game of dom 3, but i understood nothing then
i made a lot of philosophers my first ever game of dom 3, but i understood nothing then
i just wanted them to be good
i just wanted them to be good
named my god socrates
named my god socrates
do you like pikes because indies have poop morale?
do you like pikes because indies have poop morale?
yes
yes
nothing short of a crossbow or heavy cav/knights can really hurt them much at all
nothing short of a crossbow or heavy cav/knights can really hurt them much at all
do you still use them later on? i was thinking the shield dudes would help against iron darting myself
do you still use them later on? i was thinking the shield dudes would help against iron darting myself
yeah pikes are really good into like, most other nations too
yeah pikes are really good into like, most other nations too
i made shield dudes when i was fighting ma marignon crossbow + flaming arrows spam
i made shield dudes when i was fighting ma marignon crossbow + flaming arrows spam
that makes sense
that makes sense
idk if philosophers even have more research than mystics
idk if philosophers even have more research than mystics
i think a pike dude will probably survive an errant iron dart
i think a pike dude will probably survive an errant iron dart
its what, 10+2
its what, 10+2
if you just need blockers the morningstar guys are fine
if you just need blockers the morningstar guys are fine
i tend to just mass those and/or arbalests/sappers
i tend to just mass those and/or arbalests/sappers
later
later
it's 10+2 per sloth. so like 16 at sloth 3
it's 10+2 per sloth. so like 16 at sloth 3
sappers seem way better than the arbalests
sappers seem way better than the arbalests
which is perfect, because all of your troops require resources
which is perfect, because all of your troops require resources
with exception of cost
with exception of cost
the pikes rock for expanding though and will kill the hell out of most other human infantry
the pikes rock for expanding though and will kill the hell out of most other human infantry
arbalesters are just to contribute to your spam of bullshit projectiles
they are not that great
they are not that great
but, they are thick enough and can fight in melee
but, they are thick enough and can fight in melee
mostly i just want troops to stand there and be in the way while i obliterate them with spells
mostly i just want troops to stand there and be in the way while i obliterate them with spells
and arbalests + shield dudes function
and arbalests + shield dudes function
morning star guys will also pretty much always win vs an opposed blocker line because morning star
i would have some blockers
and a block of pikes
and cast troop buffs
and cast troop buffs
is enchanted pike the only l5 weapon in he game
aren't pikes melee blockers?
aren't pikes melee blockers?
blocker is a troop designed to stand there and absorb projectiles and whatever
and block. you can block with pikes but usually it's projectiles and shit that hurt
and block. you can block with pikes but usually it's projectiles and shit that hurt
ah yeah. not at good for pincushioning
ah yeah. not at good for pincushioning
pikemen with strength of giants and legions of steel own, with weapons of sharpness i think they can stab through dudes shields
pikemen with strength of giants and legions of steel own, with weapons of sharpness i think they can stab through dudes shields
and one hit kill them
and one hit kill them
they can, but if the guy is sending stuff into melee with ulm they already fucked up real bad
they can, but if the guy is sending stuff into melee with ulm they already fucked up real bad
also one time i had like 120 ulm dudes versus like 300 marignon dudes
oh thank god i was drinking last night and awoke with fear that i had signed up for a game as oceania
oh thank god i was drinking last night and awoke with fear that i had signed up for a game as oceania
this fear is unfounded and i am safe for one more day
this fear is unfounded and i am safe for one more day
and my pikemen squad got crossbowed for the entire battle (with legions of steel)
and my pikemen squad got crossbowed for the entire battle (with legions of steel)
pokemon squad
pokemon squad
little did meksivik know they had signed up for a game as la rlyeh
and like, half of them died
and like, half of them died
and probably won by slowly creeping across the field
and probably won by slowly creeping across the field
and stabbing the xbows
and the half that lived was covered in afflictions
but
but
they routed like three melee squads and then murdered every xbow yes
they routed like three melee squads and then murdered every xbow yes
are the black plate variants worth it once i don't care about expanding?
are the black plate variants worth it once i don't care about expanding?
uhhh i don't know they super were in dom 4
uhhh i don't know they super were in dom 4
but recpoints and resources
are a little different. very probably!
same rec points, just resources are more
same rec points, just resources are more
yeah if you can afford them, do it 100%
i guess going from 19 to 23 may make a lot of things do no dmage
i guess going from 19 to 23 may make a lot of things do no dmage
yeah
yeah
like crossbows even
like crossbows even
with legions of steel
with legions of steel
i would never be la r'leyh
i would never be la r'leyh
ea only for this champion
ea only for this champion
!details
!details


la rlyeh is much better to play now that orders reset when guys go insane
la rlyeh is much better to play now that orders reset when guys go insane
you can mash n and it works
you can mash n and it works
still have to herd mountains of shit but it's slightly less painful
still have to herd mountains of shit but it's slightly less painful
also the magical leadership thing is cool
also the magical leadership thing is cool
but more of a luxury
but more of a luxury
also you can take a weird bless for your voidspawn
also you can take a weird bless for your voidspawn
seems fun
seems fun
there is but one bless. arcane finesse
yeah
i was thinking arcane finesse + quickness
i was thinking arcane finesse + quickness
on a dormant or imprisoned god maybe
quickness isn't going to do much
quickness isn't going to do much
just because your sacreds are pretty inconsequential
just because your sacreds are pretty inconsequential
uh
uh
if you say so
if you say so
arcane finesse makes elder thing mind blast +1
arcane finesse makes elder thing mind blast +1
and turns shroud into a pen item
and turns shroud into a pen item
man, towers of chalmers
man, towers of chalmers
i just find the freespawn void things to be really unreliable in spawn amount to worry about blessing them
i just find the freespawn void things to be really unreliable in spawn amount to worry about blessing them
you should meticulously collect elder things
the water elemental things would be good with a quickness bless
the water elemental things would be good with a quickness bless
the fear ones and greater otherness are also good
the fear ones and greater otherness are also good
maybe a fear bless wouldn't be terrible?
maybe a fear bless wouldn't be terrible?
just because you get a lot of free trash
just because you get a lot of free trash
greater otherness is just a fancy regenerating elephant
greater otherness is just a fancy regenerating elephant
they get tanked too easily to matter a lot
they get tanked too easily to matter a lot
due to their combat scores
due to their combat scores
fear bless is acceptable because it means you have a d10 on rlyeh
fear bless is acceptable because it means you have a d10 on rlyeh
üòÑ
üòÑ
that's the plan!
that's the plan!
https://i.imgur.com/qvs2xbk.png
https://i.imgur.com/qvs2xbk.png
is that japanese wiki
is that japanese wiki
hunt small fish for their succulent d gems
hunt small fish for their succulent d gems
the sickle whomst's crop is pain
the sickle whomst's crop is pain
i feel like quickness would be good on the fancy elephants
i feel like quickness would be good on the fancy elephants
and also i think it lets the mind blast ones mind blast twice a round now
and also i think it lets the mind blast ones mind blast twice a round now
and quickness vastness seems good
and quickness vastness seems good
though probably not the best vastness bless
though probably not the best vastness bless
that just means they go into melee faster which is often bad
that just means they go into melee faster which is often bad
you want them to mind blast until the chaff dies and then flee if necessary
you want them to mind blast until the chaff dies and then flee if necessary
iceclads more like icebads
iceclads more like icebads
i want the fish d
is there an elephant riding commander in a nation
is there an elephant riding commander in a nation
i love that there's so many thematically cool spells and items and stuff
i love that there's so many thematically cool spells and items and stuff
and then in non sp gameplay theres like three useful choices
and then in non sp gameplay theres like three useful choices
i dont believe there is, kremath
i dont believe there is, kremath
there are more choices but it's very influenced by nuance and limitations <@129495827080151040>
there are more choices but it's very influenced by nuance and limitations <@129495827080151040>
like not all nations have access to give their thug a vine shield and a ice brand
like not all nations have access to give their thug a vine shield and a ice brand
sometimes you have to make do with a snake bladder and a luck coin shield
sometimes you have to make do with a snake bladder and a luck coin shield
and depending on the situation, it could be almost as effective
and depending on the situation, it could be almost as effective
except wait snake bladder is n
except wait snake bladder is n
idk what good aoe weps are outside of w tbh
idk what good aoe weps are outside of w tbh
theres an earth smash one that does aoe stun but that's not great at killing chaff
there used to be fire brand but they made that later in construction or something
mace of eruption
mace of eruption
fire brand requires 1f1e but it think its still const 4?
i just never saw it appear after dom5
i just never saw it appear after dom5
!details
!details


water nations are shit
water nations are shit
because they don't have their turns in
it's construction 6
hello experienced sex havers, i want to set up an ea newbie game, what do
hello experienced sex havers, i want to set up an ea newbie game, what do
<@96715337440952320> how is your shinuyama game goin'
<@96715337440952320> how is your shinuyama game goin'
he aid
he aid
i went ai already due to burnout and bad expansion
i went ai already due to burnout and bad expansion
oh no üò¶
oh no üò¶
my research mage getting sent directly to hell was a pretty lol thing to happen before that though
after the disaster of luck patala
!details


oh noooo üò¶
<@110869804197351424> and <@!160127200803160064> are playing stale turn chicken
<@110869804197351424> and <@!160127200803160064> are playing stale turn chicken
who can samog harder
13x site search rituals, 1 singular level 1 site found.  <:rip:372893660963930112> my gems
13x site search rituals, 1 singular level 1 site found.  <:rip:372893660963930112> my gems
i need another shinuyama game going to try out new gods
i need another shinuyama game going to try out new gods
i have crushed ulm and man in my current game
but will die to the burden of time
but will die to the burden of time
it just cancels out unaging so now all my sorcs are just old wastrels
it just cancels out unaging so now all my sorcs are just old wastrels
<@218916773175623681> there is a bot for this now but im not sure exactly how it works
<@218916773175623681> there is a bot for this now but im not sure exactly how it works
do you need more gems, friend?
do you need more gems, friend?
!help
!help
<@148098869782118401>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
<@148098869782118401>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
i do
i do
its me, the candyman.
its me, the candyman.
try the !lobby thing, and find someone to host the game for you
try the !lobby thing, and find someone to host the game for you
30g per gem, n/d/f/e
30g per gem, n/d/f/e
i will also 1:1 for pearls for a few turns starting now!
i will also 1:1 for pearls for a few turns starting now!
wait
wait
this isnt mekone
this isnt mekone
lol why did they make fire brand harder
lol why did they make fire brand harder
in this game i just want to buy nature gems. woops.
its me, the candyman.
30g per gem, n/d/f/e
i will also 1:1 for pearls for a few turns starting now!
its me, the candyman.
30g per gem, n/d/f/e
i will also 1:1 for pearls for a few turns starting now!
wanna see someone absolutely lose their shit?
wanna see someone absolutely lose their shit?
no
no
<@170392794706214912>  take you rturn
<@170392794706214912>  take you rturn
damn.  i might actually got for 30g gems right about now
damn.  i might actually got for 30g gems right about now
he already did
he already did
to dissuade people from not using the new constr 2 fire brand
to dissuade people from not using the new constr 2 fire brand
in... this one? i dont even know who you are
in... this one? i dont even know who you are
you might be tnn
you might be tnn
!details
!details


thats weird i thought agartha was dead
thats weird i thought agartha was dead
oh wait this isnt 2001
oh wait this isnt 2001
agartha is extremely alive
agartha is extremely alive
fuck im in too many games
fuck im in too many games
either agartha or ulm is probably going to win
either agartha or ulm is probably going to win
surroundedbyturns
surroundedbyturns
the inspector suggests thats marignon only
the inspector suggests thats marignon only
!details
!details

the inspector is a crock of shit
the inspector is a crock of shit
it's called the mace of eruption and everyone gets access to it
it's called the mace of eruption and everyone gets access to it
or is it called something other than mercybrand
or is it called something other than mercybrand
isn't the mercybrand the fear 5 cockerel
isn't the mercybrand the fear 5 cockerel
it'll be ulm then.  i'm now sandwiched between two players who went ai with significant resources still at their disposal.  it's going to take a bloody age to dig myself out of this and put them down.  i can't imagine that ulm wouldn't win in the meantime
it'll be ulm then.  i'm now sandwiched between two players who went ai with significant resources still at their disposal.  it's going to take a bloody age to dig myself out of this and put them down.  i can't imagine that ulm wouldn't win in the meantime
mercybrand is a mari specific con2 brand that does sleepy fire to a single target that it hits
mercybrand is a mari specific con2 brand that does sleepy fire to a single target that it hits
and gives fear yeah
and gives fear yeah
seems i have conflated the mercybrand and cockerel scepter
seems i have conflated the mercybrand and cockerel scepter
sorry you said con 2 brand and mercy brand was up in the brand search and con2
sorry you said con 2 brand and mercy brand was up in the brand search and con2
fear brand is pretty sexy
fear brand is pretty sexy
considering how cheaply you can acquire awe
considering how cheaply you can acquire awe
you have a big advantage over ulm
you have a big advantage over ulm
12 throne points needed to win, from 10x lvl 1 thrones & 2x lvl 2 thrones  
. . . i think this might be a case of whoever goes ai last
in that you have many sources of h3
in that you have many sources of h3
including the ability to go uw and summon a bishop fish
including the ability to go uw and summon a bishop fish
the cockerel is a con 4 stick that makes people go blind
the cockerel is a con 4 stick that makes people go blind
i also have little idea what i'm doing.  thanks for the bishop fish tip though  
the h3 advantage due to being able to cap thrones, or is there still an undead issue i can't see?
wow warbeard
wow warbeard
wow
wow
tru
tru
<@184675842432040960> you still creating an underwater coalition
<@184675842432040960> you still creating an underwater coalition
just for throne capping
just for throne capping
ulm has its pretender and prophet and without sites that's basically it
it should really be h2
it should really be h2
and there should be an h3 archbishop fish
and there should be an h3 archbishop fish
i disagree a lot
i disagree a lot
h3s being accessible by basically anyone who has or finds a w1 mage is fine
h3s being accessible by basically anyone who has or finds a w1 mage is fine
gets the game over
idk what im doing man
idk what im doing man
you talking about blanaced_team?
you talking about blanaced_team?
gotta have those hail mary play amulet of the fish / shademail bishop fish plays
gotta have those hail mary play amulet of the fish / shademail bishop fish plays
i kind of like the idea of a water/amphib only game more than a disciple game
i kind of like the idea of a water/amphib only game more than a disciple game
the thrilling tension of... going up conj...
the thrilling tension of... going up conj...
and then putting water gems on your mages and, thrillingly, scouts too
and then putting water gems on your mages and, thrillingly, scouts too
the bad boys of wetness
the bad boys of wetness
someone make the water nations land nations with swamp survival mod
someone make the water nations land nations with swamp survival mod
please
please
it's a good plan
it's a good plan
update the ids and this is about it
update the ids and this is about it
realistically i know there will likely be a turn tonight, you're around and monkey and diabl0 usually seem to be free in the evenings
realistically i know there will likely be a turn tonight, you're around and monkey and diabl0 usually seem to be free in the evenings
it's just an opportunity to shit on water nations
oh no a ne wturn
oh no a ne wturn
cool i got another random event that attacked somone and took their province
love to cause diplo drama by being on the map
love to cause diplo drama by being on the map
what about a spell to also relocate your cap to be underwater üòâ
what about a spell to also relocate your cap to be underwater üòâ
i will record in like two hours
i will record in like two hours
and if i'm last i will double turn
and if i'm last i will double turn
is snek.earth/games not working for anyone else?
is snek.earth/games not working for anyone else?
seems fine
seems fine
oh hello turn 51 catacylsm in holy war crimes
oh hello turn 51 catacylsm in holy war crimes
!details


<@282646158218756116> there are 5 ring sections not four
<@282646158218756116> there are 5 ring sections not four
<@169456837236621312> just you. are you lping?
yeah i will record in a bit. the two screaming monsters go to bed soon
yeah i will record in a bit. the two screaming monsters go to bed soon
though they are being quieter than normal at the moment i know the second i click record screaming begins
though they are being quieter than normal at the moment i know the second i click record screaming begins
horned one wearing a shirt saying "dom5 bod inspector"
horned one wearing a shirt saying "dom5 bod inspector"
how old?
how old?
3 and 5
3 and 5
yeah sounds about right
yeah sounds about right
ive done my turn
ive done my turn
new turn new turn new turn
new turn new turn new turn
i want to be ermor with an astral forge lord and all he does is spit out medallions of vengeance and battle shrouds (blessing death explode, natch)
i want to be ermor with an astral forge lord and all he does is spit out medallions of vengeance and battle shrouds (blessing death explode, natch)
pythiums getting gladiators
pythiums getting gladiators
fort complete, you can't blow it up now monkee
fort complete, you can't blow it up now monkee
after looking at lanka, i think they are cool. will someone give me a lanka primer?
after looking at lanka, i think they are cool. will someone give me a lanka primer?
blood, fire, death, or air blesses are good
blood, fire, death, or air blesses are good
or water
or water
or all of the above
or all of the above
get a lot of blesses
get a lot of blesses
kill a lot of virgins
kill a lot of virgins
summon demons
summon demons
bless demons
bless demons
your cap only dudes are
your cap only dudes are
really good
really good
the mages
the mages
rakashalakabakas
rakashalakabakas
they're big beefy boys with good paths
they're big beefy boys with good paths
they cast big good spells and also thug
they cast big good spells and also thug
they're the closest thing to a pony that doesnt ride a horse
they're the closest thing to a pony that doesnt ride a horse
magic resist is also good because everyone will try to banish your demons
magic resist is also good because everyone will try to banish your demons
fucked up
fucked up
my god isn't awake yet
my god isn't awake yet
exactly
exactly
ohh tru
ohh tru
are there lanka versions in ma or la or did they just die off or get merged
are there lanka versions in ma or la or did they just die off or get merged
bandar log and patala
bandar log and patala
but they dont have demons or blood natively
but they dont have demons or blood natively
right
right
!details
!details


but they share most of the same national spells and summons so you could always just take an awake pretender with blood to bootrap a virgin economy
but they share most of the same national spells and summons so you could always just take an awake pretender with blood to bootrap a virgin economy
also i got the ettin king, who is actually pretty cool early on
also i got the ettin king, who is actually pretty cool early on
he comes with 2d6 elite infantry
!help
!help
<@218916773175623681>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
<@218916773175623681>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
which is really good for stretching sketchy attacks
which is really good for stretching sketchy attacks
ugh, a new turn? i dont need this crap
ugh, a new turn? i dont need this crap
does berserk override stupid?
does berserk override stupid?
star fires is totally irresistable?
magic resist does not negate
magic resist does not negate
!details
!details


lanka owns shit and is a badass nation
lanka owns shit and is a badass nation
!lobby ea 10 ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@218916773175623681>: creating game lobby with name ea-sports-a-newbie-game
!lobby ea 10 ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@218916773175623681>: creating game lobby with name ea-sports-a-newbie-game
!list
!list


lanka is great make zombie monkeys every day
lanka is great make zombie monkeys every day
enaries forsee a global event, will it be good or bad, in how many turns??? tune in at 11 to find out
lmao
awake monolith and 10 dominion is the meta for base buddies
awake monolith and 10 dominion is the meta for base buddies
dude attacked a throne and took it from indies this turn and then scabiel came and murdered everythign
dude attacked a throne and took it from indies this turn and then scabiel came and murdered everythign
scabiel is a cool dude
scabiel is a cool dude
https://puu.sh/zhdze/2b9cf76221.jpg good timing scab
https://puu.sh/zhdze/2b9cf76221.jpg good timing scab
<@!169456837236621312> scabiel has stun immunity so im pretty sure he will kill me and my birbs even
<@!169456837236621312> scabiel has stun immunity so im pretty sure he will kill me and my birbs even
yay beetle
oh so you have to hit him for real then
oh so you have to hit him for real then
wtf what were those thaums scripted for
wtf what were those thaums scripted for
was it just skelespam
was it just skelespam
instead of like, drain life
instead of like, drain life
or disintegrate
or disintegrate
paralyze communions
paralyze communions
oh
oh
and some frozen heart
and some frozen heart
did scabiel never get paralyzed
or does stun immune also mean paralyze immune
or does stun immune also mean paralyze immune
hes extremely paralyzed
hes extremely paralyzed
would it really matter if he was paralyzed?
would it really matter if he was paralyzed?
yes because then he very slowly dies to chip damage from skeletons
yes because then he very slowly dies to chip damage from skeletons
now they are casting opposition
now they are casting opposition
it matters a lot he doesnt do any thing while paralyzed
it matters a lot he doesnt do any thing while paralyzed
curse + paralyze and let the rng do the rest
curse + paralyze and let the rng do the rest
they started casting syllable of death once all of the slaves died
they started casting syllable of death once all of the slaves died
like, getting chain-locked would be one thing but just a few turns wouldn't matter at all
like, getting chain-locked would be one thing but just a few turns wouldn't matter at all
scab appears to uhh, not really use his tremor attack
he was paralyzed for over 30 turns
he was paralyzed for over 30 turns
the battle ended due to timer
the battle ended due to timer
oh so you won congrats
oh so you won congrats
and scab not being allowed to rout
and scab not being allowed to rout
which means horror victory because they never route ever
which means horror victory because they never route ever
it wasnt me
it wasnt me
plz stop resisting effectively tia
plz stop resisting effectively tia
i don't know about effectively
i don't know about effectively
!details
!details


is there a way to see waht your god is if you don't have the files on your computer and its still sleepy
no
woot
woot
woot indeed
woot indeed
lol so, casting holy avenger on a mistformed, regenerating, half-damage taking raksharaja is pretty funny
because even if his opponents eventually overwhelm him he runs away
and then they all get smites for like 20+ turns
and then they all get smites for like 20+ turns
uh remake your god and then you'll know
uh remake your god and then you'll know
wow trying to organize communions over three battlefields is really exhausting
wow trying to organize communions over three battlefields is really exhausting
tc if you promise to not use magic i promise to not use magic either
tc if you promise to not use magic i promise to not use magic either
what kind of elite infantry
what kind of elite infantry
just normal dudes you can recruit?
just normal dudes you can recruit?
or fancy special infantry
or fancy special infantry
is diabl0 a markov bot
is diabl0 a markov bot
hi
!details
!details

wow abyssia went ai before caelum
wow abyssia went ai before caelum
i once got a random event fill up all global slots with good magic
i once got a random event fill up all global slots with good magic
!details
!details


!details
!details


<@137182727161118720> <@!160127200803160064> ur about to stale!! oh nooooooooo
<@137182727161118720> <@!160127200803160064> ur about to stale!! oh nooooooooo
https://i.imgur.com/s7kxgru.png
https://i.imgur.com/s7kxgru.png
*speaking directly into nsa microphone* suicide bombing power is exhilirating.
*speaking directly into nsa microphone* suicide bombing power is exhilirating.
:cryle:
<@264039348494794754> tower guards so my high end recruit anywhere infantry
<@264039348494794754> tower guards so my high end recruit anywhere infantry
nothing super fancy
nothing super fancy
ma tower guard not the good ones
ma tower guard not the good ones
<:prism:372894359680712727>
<:prism:372894359680712727>
should be ok
should be ok
[9:20 pm] riidi: ugh, a new turn? i dont need this crap
this
this
_sends a strand of divine sense into the jade medallion, confirming that it is the seed of a bomb_
_sends a strand of divine sense into the jade medallion, confirming that it is the seed of a bomb_
hell yeah
hell yeah
[10:06 pm] botnevermore: some lammashtas to his stack as <:hat:372893620975566848>
[10:06 pm] botnevermore: some lammashtas to his stack as <:hat:372893620975566848>
im glad `bot` nevermore is using the good emote
im glad `bot` nevermore is using the good emote
im doing it! im going to survive to the end!
im doing it! im going to survive to the end!
i think pangaea is gonna be the contender here
i think pangaea is gonna be the contender here
the animals are gonna take over
the animals are gonna take over
fair, but free dudes that come back if they die and a big old giant
fair, but free dudes that come back if they die and a big old giant
can't take provinces solo, but put them up front to take the first wave of dudes is good stuff
can't take provinces solo, but put them up front to take the first wave of dudes is good stuff
against indies of course
against indies of course
isn't there an animal awe bless throne somewhere?
isn't there an animal awe bless throne somewhere?
throne of beasts
throne of beasts
pangaea has it
pangaea has it
also pangaea arent animals
also pangaea arent animals
damn
damn
arco is a warcrime
arco is a warcrime
couldn't do my turns this morning
couldn't do my turns this morning
!details
!details


i look forward to my brilliant plans being thwarted by stargazers forgetting their scripts and blinking everywhere instead
i look forward to my brilliant plans being thwarted by stargazers forgetting their scripts and blinking everywhere instead
you shouldnt be mean to me, when i go all out even i dont know what im doing!!
you shouldnt be mean to me, when i go all out even i dont know what im doing!!
they are animals
they are animals
noniron animals
noniron animals
so do we think a bunch of kappa would wreck some living pillars?
so do we think a bunch of kappa would wreck some living pillars?
they cripple on hit
they cripple on hit
they will probably all die but the pillars will be immobile
that could work
that could work
i think i am about to be attacked by 30 blood bless living pillar
i think i am about to be attacked by 30 blood bless living pillar
im guessing they are the bv variety
im guessing they are the bv variety
<@282646158218756116> those thaums werent scripted lmao
<@282646158218756116> those thaums werent scripted lmao
i didnt think theyd manage to take the throne otherwise
i didnt think theyd manage to take the throne otherwise
im probably idiot
im probably idiot
wait he won due to time out
wait he won due to time out
seriously?
seriously?
im so fucked
im so fucked
ye
ye
he had like 20 hp left or something lol
he had like 20 hp left or something lol
uh
uh
why did kurgi drop on a random province
why did kurgi drop on a random province
hes feelin himself
hes feelin himself
why is mekone 3 cold!! fuck you mekone!
why is mekone 3 cold!! fuck you mekone!
mekone
mekone
what is the bot trying to say
are
are
are you just recycling old game channels for new games
pangaea is extremely not going to win cadmus
pangaea is extremely not going to win cadmus
i was helpfully given an event that attacked an agarthan province with an incongruous mix of dryads and maenads which has triggered a war despite me emptying the province and nazca taking it over
i was helpfully given an event that attacked an agarthan province with an incongruous mix of dryads and maenads which has triggered a war despite me emptying the province and nazca taking it over
this also happened with ashdod and i think i'm going to tell illwinter the event is shit
this also happened with ashdod and i think i'm going to tell illwinter the event is shit
sorry for yon stale
sorry for yon stale
because i cannot see a situation where it would ever be helpful to pan, since the provinces are almost always out of your territorial bounds you don't get gems or money, and the attack is small enough to be instantly repelled by more than say 5 pd, as well as it being completely shitty for the nation that gets attacked
because i cannot see a situation where it would ever be helpful to pan, since the provinces are almost always out of your territorial bounds you don't get gems or money, and the attack is small enough to be instantly repelled by more than say 5 pd, as well as it being completely shitty for the nation that gets attacked
i was stuck away from home
sorry for yon stale
sorry for yon stale
<@255835336083636234> can your bot report who has staled on new turns
<@255835336083636234> can your bot report who has staled on new turns
that is unfortunate
that is unfortunate
even just removing the nation name, or renaming it to rogue pangaean elements or such, would be less terrible
even just removing the nation name, or renaming it to rogue pangaean elements or such, would be less terrible
i have formally asked them to delete the event and all the ones like it lol
i have formally asked them to delete the event and all the ones like it lol
it never ever looks good on your turn report to see "x nation has attacked you" and if you don't look closely at what it is and think "wait how would they with that" and assume from the event text it was a genuinely random event (which i mean why would you) then yeah i totally understand people flipping out about it
it never ever looks good on your turn report to see "x nation has attacked you" and if you don't look closely at what it is and think "wait how would they with that" and assume from the event text it was a genuinely random event (which i mean why would you) then yeah i totally understand people flipping out about it
because walking accross rivers is nice
because walking accross rivers is nice
and who has gone ai
and who has gone ai
.request !in
is the robot responding to itself
is the robot responding to itself
it's become a sentient nazibot now
it's become a sentient nazibot now
.markov blessrusher
.markov blessrusher
hmm that usually means its running two instances for some dumb reason
hmm that usually means its running two instances for some dumb reason
the task scheduler that my hosting service uses is very bad.
ignoring conot is a feature though
whats !in
it was a thing on acoustikitty
fuckin' rude
that was just markov but started with *in x voice
.request kill creator
lol
i'll do that
except its always samog voice
[8:59 pm] boing: hmm that usually means its running two instances for some dumb reason
seein as it got jacked by nazis for a dumb reason
im taking this as an admission of fault
üòõ
brb hijacking nevermore to send invites to the adtrw discord
.ruby
https://puu.sh/zhmtq/47bc403387.png
this is cultural oppression
do you think if they had nuked like, bristol and edinburgh that londoners would have invented anime in response
lol if you think londoners give a shit about bristol and edinburgh
those are non-london cities and therefore useless, both practically and morally
alright
[9:09 pm] conot: brb hijacking nevermore to send invites to the adtrw discord
would liverpudlians have invented anime
the worst crime
i think liverpool has http://liverpoolunderlined.co.uk/destination/superlambanana/
there are many lambananas in liverpool to be clear.
wouldn't it be more comparable if like, they nuked manchester and glasgow
which, i mean, london still wouldn't care
but it would atleast *affect them*
yo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/go_superlambananas!#exhibits
i dont know how to rank cities in the uk
the only one thats important is londo
but they didnt nuke tokyo
"complete list of mini-superlambananas" is an insanely good pretender name.
jsoh in response for the blitz, the uk created the carry on series which is a kind of anime
lambananas
a fate worse than anime
on a serious note i did grab absolutely any pretext because i want this game wrapped up, one way or the other.  not sure i'd join a game again with this sort of throne setup and no cataclysm
my girlfriend is german and we have arguments about who bombed each other more in the war
well boing its all your fault in the end either way
"my girlfriend is german and we have arguments"  another extremely good pretender name in the alternate dimension that has longer pretender names.
most things are my fault its true
england started the war and im not even any kind of nazi
politifact rates this as "mostly untrue"
i'm a german living in the uk, i blitz your economy with my migrant status üòé
prorevenge
real men use corpses to cross rivers
creating and sustaining the systems/status quo that made it inevitable by force over like 200 years
if they just let the berlin to baghdad railroad slide it would never have happened .
other things we are responsible for: the us civil war; anime
im a secret clonesone of hiteler
<@!148098869782118401> don't forget hong kong
tfw u successfully expand into the revealed gold mine to find theres also another, not revieled gold mine and a iron mine in that province
pretender name: hitlers secret clone
.q add <@404222134949380106> i believe that i'm surprised i know its not eat shit
its a crone
it'll be a drag
hitlers secret crone
have you seen look whos back or whatever willus
cadmus which one of us is going to take out that throne
i can get there in 2 turns
the movie thats basically borat but hitler
and i don't really care if you attack man instead so long as we actually agree what's going on and it happens this time
no
full disclosure. i've got iron angels now. so ermor is dying within the next few turns
iguarunteeit.gif
yes but i am completely burnt out on dominions and i just want to kill ermor you see
der ist wieder da
yes they will be killed and rekilled
no rekilled is the problem we had where they didn't die 14 turns ago
you see my literal aim is "delete them off the map"
not "agree to do x or y and then have some events occur that lead to some stupid fucking skirmish and ermor not being dead"
i am marching an army right onto their cap, smashing through the last army they have
their cap is dead
hahaha holy shit making this sounds like it would have been gutsy
do you mean that throne
wait not cap their last fort
right okay
how long are talking here
i wanna see it
because i have an army that can break the fort there in 2
and 1 of them is happening this turn
like, at most two turns. if i get across the river, 1.
and i'll be jumping in an iron angel on the next turn
everyone will enjoy my iron. enjoyment is mandatory.
without hitler, ratings and ad revenue at mytv drop precipitously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftsksrfzjdk lol
everybody has cool stuff and i only have burny kids and statues üò¶
??? that is 100% cooler than imbalanced horse men and bugs
which is 99% of the pan arsenal
pan has one national summon, a not at all useful tree thing
and other than that it's just goatmen
well, if no one puts me out of my misery i'll guess i'll cast bot and uh, shoot for utterdark i suppose
haha he responds to burden of time
great
<@!148098869782118401> stalling is annoying to workout because the game doesn't tell you. you can only list people that hadn't submitted 1 min before the timer if it went full duration or something
that would still be useful if it isn't hard to do
although i suspect it might be
if a ponyman cloud trapezes into a friendly province, does he participate in a defensive battle over that province or does he sneak himself

the extremely disciplined buffalo meme
the extremely disciplined buffalo meme
who gets buffalos
who gets buffalos
!unit buffalo
<@255835336083636234>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=buffalo&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
<@255835336083636234>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=buffalo&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
!unit buffalo
what's the chance of a few s1 mages using magic duel on an s5?  
trying to murder an annoying mind slime horror
what's the chance of a few s1 mages using magic duel on an s5?  
trying to murder an annoying mind slime horror
!details
!details


magic duel works by both sides rolling a d6 and adding their s right?
magic duel works by both sides rolling a d6 and adding their s right?
that is how it worked in dom4 at least
that is how it worked in dom4 at least
so you need to roll high and they low. basically i find that 10-12 spamming it works out
so you need to roll high and they low. basically i find that 10-12 spamming it works out
s1 to s5 would be you roll a 6 and they roll a 1, so 1/36
s1 to s5 would be you roll a 6 and they roll a 1, so 1/36
i t hink
i t hink
and does it explode? that'd mean that you can win on a 6 even if they don't roll a 1
!spell magic duel
!spell magic duel
<@160127200803160064>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=magic%20duel&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
<@160127200803160064>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=magic%20duel&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
> by use of this spell, one astral mage challenges another to a mental duel. at most one of the mages can survive this duel. the most powerful astral mage is also the most likely winner. this spell cannot be used by or against mindless beings.
> by use of this spell, one astral mage challenges another to a mental duel. at most one of the mages can survive this duel. the most powerful astral mage is also the most likely winner. this spell cannot be used by or against mindless beings.
thanks dominions
thanks dominions
basically i'd say somewhere between 1/6 and 1/36 if it keeps the same rules as dom4
basically i'd say somewhere between 1/6 and 1/36 if it keeps the same rules as dom4
cheers
cheers
i took like 15 to kill your monolith
i took like 15 to kill your monolith
that was s4 i think
that was s4 i think
also remember that temp boosts like light of the northern star or whatever don't work
also remember that temp boosts like light of the northern star or whatever don't work
does that mean in theory that a s6 mage would be immune to losing magic duels
does that mean in theory that a s6 mage would be immune to losing magic duels
i don't have ~36 s1 mages handy but i've got a few.  maybe a small communion and opposition.  it's got 18 base mr
i don't have ~36 s1 mages handy but i've got a few.  maybe a small communion and opposition.  it's got 18 base mr
against s1s spamming i mean
against s1s spamming i mean
presuming it doesn't explode (ha), yeah
presuming it doesn't explode (ha), yeah
i think so yes, that's why people say never have a pretender with less than s6
i think so yes, that's why people say never have a pretender with less than s6
or s7 depending on how draws work
or s7 depending on how draws work
```
if i recall correctly, magic duel is one of the few non-open rolls in the game, too. which means sufficiently high astral pretenders are flat out immune to s1 magic duels. i think 6+ is immunity. 
```
```
if i recall correctly, magic duel is one of the few non-open rolls in the game, too. which means sufficiently high astral pretenders are flat out immune to s1 magic duels. i think 6+ is immunity. 
```
i imagine a draw must go to the higher s mage, given the line about powerful astral mage and how only one can survive
i imagine a draw must go to the higher s mage, given the line about powerful astral mage and how only one can survive
¬Ø\_(„ÉÑ)_/¬Ø
¬Ø\_(„ÉÑ)_/¬Ø
```
7+ is immunity, since it's a 1d6+astral level, and ties kill both.
```
```
7+ is immunity, since it's a 1d6+astral level, and ties kill both.
```
oh wew
oh wew
this is just random people on forums
this is just random people on forums
http://s7.zetaboards.com/dom3mods/topic/1273755/1/
http://s7.zetaboards.com/dom3mods/topic/1273755/1/
still no dom5 wiki.  if i wasn't so busy i'd get it going
still no dom5 wiki.  if i wasn't so busy i'd get it going
oh no wait the japanese dom5 wiki is up.  way to go guys
oh no wait the japanese dom5 wiki is up.  way to go guys
join the dom5 dev effort
join the dom5 dev effort
and that's only s1 though, plenty of nations can spam s2
and that's only s1 though, plenty of nations can spam s2
although much fewer and more expensive of course
although much fewer and more expensive of course
remember no boosters either!
remember no boosters either!
yeah s2 is a much higher barrier to entry, and gathering a lot of s2 mages with gems is a inherently risky proposition
yeah s2 is a much higher barrier to entry, and gathering a lot of s2 mages with gems is a inherently risky proposition
it sounds like the next starsector patch is potentially dropping any time now and that's a bunch of work for me to do.  maybe after that, particularly if the next patch will be a while
it sounds like the next starsector patch is potentially dropping any time now and that's a bunch of work for me to do.  maybe after that, particularly if the next patch will be a while
i refuse to believe starsector patch predictions
i refuse to believe starsector patch predictions
i've been hurt too many times
i've been hurt too many times
sensible
sensible
it's almost ready can easily mean rc1 comes out tomorrow, or rc19 three months from now
it's almost ready can easily mean rc1 comes out tomorrow, or rc19 three months from now
i've actually not played starsector in ages, i got really tired of the bump in the road that was the midgame point where your fleet is just big enough to get blapped by the super huge fleets, but too big to chase after pirates
i'll probably pick up the new patch and mess about with the scenario battles again though, even though not much changes in those.
i'll probably pick up the new patch and mess about with the scenario battles again though, even though not much changes in those.
!details
!details


there's a huge amount of new mod content and the sensor game as been tightened up considerably, which helps throughout the game but in particular with dodging super huge fleets or ambushing fleets that are otherwise too fast to catch.  also interdiction pulse is a thing now
there's a huge amount of new mod content and the sensor game as been tightened up considerably, which helps throughout the game but in particular with dodging super huge fleets or ambushing fleets that are otherwise too fast to catch.  also interdiction pulse is a thing now
i came back to it and there was like 300 times too much things
i came back to it and there was like 300 times too much things
bwuh? running dark? archaeology? interdiction pulsing? scavenging and mining?
bwuh? running dark? archaeology? interdiction pulsing? scavenging and mining?
sensors is probably the big one to learn and it's relatively simple  
<http://starsector.wikia.com/wiki/sensors>  
the rest is more or less optional
sensors is probably the big one to learn and it's relatively simple  
<http://starsector.wikia.com/wiki/sensors>  
the rest is more or less optional
next patch is outposts and more industry
next patch is outposts and more industry
i more or less picked up sensors last time i played, though its probably changed. if theres actual non-combat stuff to do now/next patch like archeology and outposts then i'll probably give the campaign a shot
this was like some months ago conot and felt like the dev had played some mods and glued their weird mechanics onto the game which was at the time a bit tighter + funner without them
this was like some months ago conot and felt like the dev had played some mods and glued their weird mechanics onto the game which was at the time a bit tighter + funner without them
like if bob's mod stuff got added to factorio directly
like if bob's mod stuff got added to factorio directly
are there non-ship mods around now? last time i played basically all the mods were factions with ships as opposed to new gameplay loops
are there non-ship mods around now? last time i played basically all the mods were factions with ships as opposed to new gameplay loops
http://fractalsoftworks.com/forum/index.php?topic=9175.0 yep have a shufti at this for example
http://fractalsoftworks.com/forum/index.php?topic=9175.0 yep have a shufti at this for example
oooh, mining n' stuff
oooh, mining n' stuff
i'll probably wait for the next patch to come out... and then probably wait for mods to catch up, but i'm willing to give it another swing
i'll probably wait for the next patch to come out... and then probably wait for mods to catch up, but i'm willing to give it another swing
ai mans boar god got killed by 2 pd, got pinged by an arrow for 6 damage with 28 prot, then got profuse bleeding and bled to death at the end of the turn.
ai mans boar god got killed by 2 pd, got pinged by an arrow for 6 damage with 28 prot, then got profuse bleeding and bled to death at the end of the turn.
what a boar
what a boar
made a real pig's ear of that didn't it
made a real pig's ear of that didn't it
you're going the whole hog on these puns
you're going the whole hog on these puns
i hope the pd get black sausage as a reward
i hope the pd get black sausage as a reward
they died, but the new pd might
they died, but the new pd might
r i p
r i p
i wouldn't wait for the starsector patch, just jump in now.  nexerelin is huge and adds a ton of additional mechanics.  basically turns it into a more traditional 4x game
i wouldn't wait for the starsector patch, just jump in now.  nexerelin is huge and adds a ton of additional mechanics.  basically turns it into a more traditional 4x game
the was an old thing with the starsector dev pulling in things from mods.  he coped a lot of flak for it and doesn't do that any more.  it's pretty tight on game mechanics these days
it's kinda a shame, i don't think theres anything wrong with developers implementing ideas from mods inherently
it's kinda a shame, i don't think theres anything wrong with developers implementing ideas from mods inherently
it's good now.  he still asks for input & takes mod authors suggestions as advice to be considered but he doesn't just copy stuff over now
no?
https://i.imgur.com/srdd8ae.png
https://i.imgur.com/srdd8ae.png
lmao
lmao
i think samog was confused by people talking about the disciple game because he only checks game specific channels once in a blue moon
i think samog was confused by people talking about the disciple game because he only checks game specific channels once in a blue moon
üçî
üçî
ü•ô
ü•ô
some of these horrors are a real pain to deal with
some of these horrors are a real pain to deal with
the doom horrors?
the doom horrors?
even some of the general horrors
even some of the general horrors
my solution to everything has tended to be earth meld and hit it with a big stick and they mandate being a tad more creative about it
my solution to everything has tended to be earth meld and hit it with a big stick and they mandate being a tad more creative about it
oh yeah, most of them fly or float
oh yeah, most of them fly or float
but if send horror is as hard to cast as they've made it, then the horrors ought to be pretty buff
but if send horror is as hard to cast as they've made it, then the horrors ought to be pretty buff
do you have magic  weapon troops? can you summon troops who do?
do you have magic  weapon troops? can you summon troops who do?
against the mind slime horror i think i can just throw magma children at it
against the mind slime horror i think i can just throw magma children at it
mind slime has dr but magma kids will generally do well vs horrors
mind slime has dr but magma kids will generally do well vs horrors
mindless with an ap magic attack that doesn't miss üëç
mindless with an ap magic attack that doesn't miss üëç
!details


they're quite reliable for killing most things, with some moderate attrition.  it feels like they are wanting for a battle buff spell but i can't think what
they're quite reliable for killing most things, with some moderate attrition.  it feels like they are wanting for a battle buff spell but i can't think what
maybe better protection
maybe better protection
luck
luck
regen
regen
mindless but not lifeless. fucked up tiny magma children
mindless but not lifeless. fucked up tiny magma children
i guess they are all autistic
i guess they are all autistic
i defeated the cavemans
the commander of the squad just recites train facts and they are too distracted to flee
the commander of the squad just recites train facts and they are too distracted to flee
their cave revealed to me: a large iron mine as well as another gold mine
their cave revealed to me: a large iron mine as well as another gold mine
luck sounds amazing, cheers
luck sounds amazing, cheers
how many cave grubs died for you
how many cave grubs died for you
like 3
like 3
im the greatest
im the greatest
powerful
powerful
cave grubs really are good
cave grubs really are good
it helps that they aer fighting something with 8 defence or whatever
it helps that they aer fighting something with 8 defence or whatever
they would get fucking chunked vs size 2 guys who can see
they would get fucking chunked vs size 2 guys who can see
except for the super high morale i guess
except for the super high morale i guess
yeah they hurt big stuff
and hp
and hp
but you can buff the fuckers
but you can buff the fuckers
and they are very tough if you slap a prot buff down and cast make it dark
and they are very tough if you slap a prot buff down and cast make it dark
yeah
yeah
i really wanna try them with gift of health
i really wanna try them with gift of health
100 hps of soft wriggling flesh
100 hps of soft wriggling flesh
50% dark vision is only -1 attack defence in cave
50% dark vision is only -1 attack defence in cave
so it rounds down
so it rounds down
fuck now i want to play ma agartha 100% cave grub strat
fuck now i want to play ma agartha 100% cave grub strat
you only have to research one school of magic after conj1
aa wtf scabiel didnt even have 20hp he had only 11
aa wtf scabiel didnt even have 20hp he had only 11
you got owned
you got owned
if only some of the star fires had hit
nice job not scripting forzen heart you clown
nice job not scripting forzen heart you clown
script üëè an üëè  damage
script üëè an üëè  damage
ive used my insanely fortiutious free air booster to script storm into a billion thunder strikes
ive used my insanely fortiutious free air booster to script storm into a billion thunder strikes
so i can brutally murder al lof my idiot birds who are blocking for horrors
so i can brutally murder al lof my idiot birds who are blocking for horrors
and all of my mages at the same time
and all of my mages at the same time
i havent checked the turn yet but im probably just gonna go ai
i havent checked the turn yet but im probably just gonna go ai
too much effort to play this game lol
you're making mict right? how much effort does it take to queue up divine blessing, click a province, and queue up more sacreds
you're making mict right? how much effort does it take to queue up divine blessing, click a province, and queue up more sacreds
does only one throne get destroyed per turn
does only one throne get destroyed per turn
or did someone else defend
or did someone else defend
most of my throne scouts got patrolled
no
its semirandom
its semirandom
theres 4 big boys
who can attack
who can attack
but sometimes they jsut dont
or they do other things
or they do other things
i hope they add in a couple new varieties of cataclysm
i hope they add in a couple new varieties of cataclysm
a marignon style rapture where every turn provinces start to turn to 0 pop
a marignon style rapture where every turn provinces start to turn to 0 pop
the coming of the rimtursrar, every province turns to an impassible glacier with 0 pop
the coming of the rimtursrar, every province turns to an impassible glacier with 0 pop
an illwinter where the world freezes and those giant guys that get mentioned show up
an illwinter where the world freezes and those giant guys that get mentioned show up
yeah
yeah
there ya go
there ya go
we are on the same page
we are on the same page
the world floods
the world floods
the sun expands
the sun expands
people get confused and fall into small holes
people get confused and fall into small holes
they stay in the holes forever
they stay in the holes forever
vastnesses attack randomly
vastnesses attack randomly
en mass
en mass
tartarus open up and groups of undead former pretenders attack
tartarus open up and groups of undead former pretenders attack
i read that as undead former presidents
i read that as undead former presidents
and i approve
and i approve
the legions of hell march against the surface
the legions of hell march against the surface
could you at least try to find sub?
could you at least try to find sub?
it's honestly such a crowed map i don't think it's that big a deal if people drop
it's honestly such a crowed map i don't think it's that big a deal if people drop
large games are 100% guaranteed to be a shitshow
large games are 100% guaranteed to be a shitshow
just roll with it
suggested during beta!
suggested during beta!
those two would actually be a pretty neat scenarios, since the players have a pretty good chance of beating hell legions and undead armies by the time the cataclysm comes
those two would actually be a pretty neat scenarios, since the players have a pretty good chance of beating hell legions and undead armies by the time the cataclysm comes
- undead hell
- marignon rapture thing
- rimtursar
- demonic invasion
- arena fight based win
- undead hell
- marignon rapture thing
- rimtursar
- demonic invasion
- arena fight based win
same with void attacks
win 3 arenas on the trot (yearly) then you win the game
win 3 arenas on the trot (yearly) then you win the game
theororus roosevelt the iron jawed titan of pre-emptive war
theororus roosevelt the iron jawed titan of pre-emptive war
the wild hunt and enchanted forest and haunted forest combined but its global events and by indies and they attack thrones instead of priests
the wild hunt and enchanted forest and haunted forest combined but its global events and by indies and they attack thrones instead of priests
battle start summon of some hyenas and moose and stuff
battle start summon of some hyenas and moose and stuff
quite a lot of effort gon
quite a lot of effort gon
get off my bakc!!
get off my bakc!!
you could make those things happen
you could make those things happen
via event
via event
not special win conditions but you could script tartarus invasion or w/e
not special win conditions but you could script tartarus invasion or w/e
tartarus you could do, but for demons you'd need to have the commanders leading armies
tartarus you could do, but for demons you'd need to have the commanders leading armies
so uh
theres already demon invasions
theres already demon invasions
you dont gotta do anything
you dont gotta do anything
except turn on all story events
except turn on all story events
is there any reason to use stygian skin rather then liquid body?
is there any reason to use stygian skin rather then liquid body?
sygian skin gives invulnerability
sygian skin gives invulnerability
stygian skin is just pierce res right
stygian skin is just pierce res right
oh
oh
and liquid body doesnt
and liquid body doesnt
there's a mod that uses godzilla and king gidora instead of the doom horrors
thats skeletal body kremath
thats skeletal body kremath
isn't it only like 10 invuln
isn't it only like 10 invuln
yes
yes
it's really good on 0 prot stuff with armor
it's really good on 0 prot stuff with armor
or on 0 prot stuff in general i guess
or on 0 prot stuff in general i guess
https://puu.sh/zhy2c/007bda7fa1.jpg this beats zotz right
https://puu.sh/zhy2c/007bda7fa1.jpg this beats zotz right
zotz fucking suck now. unless its a shitton it should be an easy win
zotz fucking suck now. unless its a shitton it should be an easy win
i wish my idiot mages didnt start making skeletons as soon as the 5 script turns are over
i wish my idiot mages didnt start making skeletons as soon as the 5 script turns are over
also jsoh has zotz everyone kill jsoh
also jsoh has zotz everyone kill jsoh
you wouldnt have to fucking
you wouldnt have to fucking
worry about your 5 script turns
worry about your 5 script turns
if you scripted frozen heart
if you scripted frozen heart
you dunce
you dunce
1/4 of thaums have water right
1/4 of thaums have water right
or is that only the large thaums
or is that only the large thaums
only the large
only the large
good job <@404222134949380106>
good job <@404222134949380106>
i have like 4 w1 mages
i have like 4 w1 mages
.markov what's the gimmick of your water nation
.markov what's the gimmick of your water nation
rip
rip
do you have enough alteration to cast drain life
do you have enough alteration to cast drain life
probably?
probably?
then do that. armor negating damage
then do that. armor negating damage
what's a good school to go through after you get 5ench with a death nation btw?
what's a good school to go through after you get 5ench with a death nation btw?
some nature/water
some nature/water
üòâ
all you have to do is script an damage and drop antimagic + have a chaff screen that wont run
all you have to do is script an damage and drop antimagic + have a chaff screen that wont run
and horrors go down easy
and horrors go down easy
wow abysia has lots of land in pankor
ench six
wow abysia has lots of land in pankor
ench six
kremath probaly ench 6
kremath probaly ench 6
what's good in ench6 tho
what's good in ench6 tho
rigor mortis heat from hell grip of winter
rigor mortis heat from hell grip of winter
hidden in x
hidden in x
hmm is that really better than just soul slay spam
hmm is that really better than just soul slay spam
do you have magic scales? don't those add mr now w/ magic power
do you have magic scales? don't those add mr now w/ magic power
i don't got a lot of fire or water
i don't got a lot of fire or water
you can soul slay if you can spam hard enough
you can soul slay if you can spam hard enough
rigor mortis is okay i guess
rigor mortis is okay i guess
uuh they have 24 mr in magic 3
uuh they have 24 mr in magic 3
which is probably everywhere anyway
which is probably everywhere anyway
because of the events
because of the events
.markov are you gay
.markov are you gay
nice story
nice story
24mr wont stop concerted soul slay
24mr wont stop concerted soul slay
hidden underneath - worth the 75 flippin earth gems to cast?
hidden underneath - worth the 75 flippin earth gems to cast?
get 15 mages to communion to do astral 10 soulslay
yes
yes
hidden underneath gives you a shitload of troops
hidden underneath gives you a shitload of troops
and mage diversity
and mage diversity
also the best undead chaff in the game
also the best undead chaff in the game
mage diversity is the real reason
mage diversity is the real reason
it's one of the only ways to break into new magic paths
it's one of the only ways to break into new magic paths
ulm get off this planet. you dont even like gold or gems.
ulm get off this planet. you dont even like gold or gems.
well
well
as long as a single boy lands on the mari or man throne i win
as long as a single boy lands on the mari or man throne i win
i will cast it in my magic 3 caverns
i will cast it in my magic 3 caverns
and see what pops out
and see what pops out
unless they also land on all my thrones and destroy me
unless they also land on all my thrones and destroy me
that would be sad
i mean
i mean
they have to land on those thrones and also enough other ones
they have to land on those thrones and also enough other ones
i think he does though
i think he does though
that your 4 points or whatever is enough
that your 4 points or whatever is enough
maybe press f9
maybe press f9
i will not
i will not
i think my odds of defending my 3 points longer than you can defend your 4 points is good
i think my odds of defending my 3 points longer than you can defend your 4 points is good
lol
lol
in another game on this mapa deathmatch occured turn 9
and ma mictlan sent thier god
lmao
lmao
source of like 3 incarnate blesses i hope
source of like 3 incarnate blesses i hope
who got killed by an adon
who got killed by an adon
+ also if rng favours me and you we could end up with 4 points at the same time
+ also if rng favours me and you we could end up with 4 points at the same time
apparently the arena is not in your dom
apparently the arena is not in your dom
so we could not see the bless
so we could not see the bless
that game is going to be a shitshow
that game is going to be a shitshow
as emor has its own moon
as emor has its own moon
and i am stuck on the desert planet with arco
and i am stuck on the desert planet with arco
every hidden in x owns
although it is a bit of a pisser that the mountain ones don't have mountain survival
although it is a bit of a pisser that the mountain ones don't have mountain survival
oh hey
oh hey
golem dominion is lifeless magic beings right
golem dominion is lifeless magic beings right
not just lifeless guys
not just lifeless guys
so i dont get super released ones
so i dont get super released ones
yeah
yeah
super elementals and statues
super elementals and statues
nazca has triumphed!
do manakins and other undeads that are magic lifeless beings benefit?
haunted forest agartha play incoming
also do disciples benefit from this
thinking of absolutely sick 18hp big spartoi plays here
i think i remember disciples benefitting, but not undead
neat
16hp*
now i need to figure out if i want to bid on shipwreckers
jb, you're in the beta, right? submit hidden in snow not having mountain survival as a bug
who are awesome
enlarged golem dominion collosal fetish <:weebey:403422121466003456>
why do u think they died in the mountain
i don't think it's a bug so much as a stupid oversight
no mountain survival
spartoi *are* animated statues
so they should benefit
do battle summons benefit?
though knowing illwinter, agartha dom probably only applies to certain things tagged with #golem or the like
you have got the wrong end of the stick wrt illwinter
it's magic lifeless
idk if manikin work are those magic lifeless undead
ulm will bid like 400 and win them
it's an eighteen player game shipwreckers will go for at least 300
yes
<@96715337440952320> are they not known guy for sometimes hardcoding weird snowflake stuff
i am on water planet designed for 3 water nations that only has 2
genuine question
bid dat 300
yes
or 400
but they are very much more often known for half assing things
ugh
search the mod inspector for the plant tag conot
yes, but they prefer genera solutionsthat apply wherer they shouldn't
fair
so you get fun + weird interactions
how much does it matter to you
which people try to take out of the game
due to lack of brain
if you have candles and know that there is definitely a high g prov just sitting there waiting to be taken it's worth bidding as much as you have to
yeah, probably
somebody fukkin test mannikins already, because i bet the undead tag overrides the golem cult
i'm also next to empty home province slot
i will not
but ys and oceania are certainly moving that way
oceania will probably kill ys
own everyone and myself by bringing them to desert world
sec
mate it gives bonus hp to the undead hero guy innit
agarthan undead are ghosts living in statues
manakins do not appear to benefit
there'sno undead hero guy
or at least not carrion lords
the onyx oracle is not undead
nor is golog, btw
so instead of checking for lifeless and magic, it probably just checks for lifeless and not undead
i'm guessing it checks for lifeless and magic but not undead
which means the extremely legit strategy of wishing for an ophan would give them a lot of hp
i'd rather not die tia
lol
where do marble lions come from?
that's up to oceania, who is played by the only person i've ever seen play oceania very well in a game
it's one of the fort defense enchantments?
they only exist in storm fort battles
@channel great game everyone!
are they permanent or do you need to buy each month like with scrying?
<@&389514684237217796>
because that's a lot of e for +1 order
i'll do a write up in a bit and post it here/ the thread in games
its like uhh
iron walls
you cast it and it lasts x+bonus gems
booooo
it's bad don't cast it
grats. i went ai this turn not knowing that you'd win anyway, clearly i've got good instincts
also i just noticed that seasonal animals are affordable now. that's nice
also i opted that the bot doesn't ping you if you were defeated that turn
winter wolves should get their bonus maxed out at all times with illwinter
illwinter should be a much better global than it is but w/e
and when illspring is added ma tc sacred cab will finally be good
*cav
illwinter is already an extremely good global
sacred cab: they'll only take you to the temple, but cost 1/2 as much per minute
congrats to <@358786018087796737> for winning the dom5newbiegame
its good for ea, but la & ma don't have coldpower units
thanks! i'll be doing a write up later today
really fucked up that i cant put custom emotes into roles
to make you <:gamewinner:372893907006128129>
just give him üëë
.tag jimothy <:gamewinner:372893907006128129>
i'm rooting for you to manage a long drawn out stalemate
that allows me to creep into the periphery unmolested
!details

üëë doesnt seem to work either
r i p
<@282646158218756116> i think you need the unicode for it
not `üëë`
illwinter would have done lots more for me if i hadn't already killed xibalba by the time i cast it
hey uh i know it's a pain in the ass but any chance we could get a slightly longer timer on this game? between mid-game blood micro and the fact i am excited about / let's-playing pankor, i find myself struggling to care, at all, about this one
either that or i guess i could try to find someone so sub into ma abysia under burden of time lol
but this game is diplomatically interesting, so as we're probably into the complicated turns now i'd really prefer a longer timer
aw man it's the greeks!
prepare yourself
i'm really digging monks
25g for a stealthy h1 with a bit of leadership
don't forget divine research
also recruit anywhere with temple
it's turn 10 and i've only got three provinces, but nazca invictus!
their research isn't affected by magic scales which makes them a bit less appealing
you got their cap?
jeez what were they doing
not hiring gladiators apparently
trying to expand normally
the choice was: stomp nazca before they hit conj 3, or lose.
now hope oceania doesn't steal your win
i've gone full hell bless here. bring it on.
i see your high luck scales, could have blessed harder
*narrator* bug squash lost soon afterwards
maybe the luck was needed for the hell bless
actually i got no business being coy with this nonsense, i got a luck bless thrown on there
oh yeah, i forgot some blesses need that
i odnt know who else is on the desert world, because their army appears to be comprised of a linnormr and 0100% mercenaries
congratulations jimothy, well played! too many birbs üòÉ
awesome pretender name btw
i'm still amazed nobody has dispelled burden of tim
i only put it up because i thought it would last like 2 turns at most
dispel is out of the way, research wise for a lot of people
also astral 5 is pretty uncommon
apres mois les deluge
gg lads
rip nigel farage the kinnara
should have died in a plane crash innit
is there a way of saving the history?
yes
you just never delete the save
i shall treasure this save for evermore
hmm, for what reason would soul slay be marked in red as part of a communion
it doesn't require gems, and i have enough slaves
it doesnt know you have enough slaves
yeah the script doesnt see communions
i thought it always had stuff as grey if you had master set
eh, we'll see if it works i guess
what game was that that just ended?
<#388836798203166730>
nice can i delete the fucking channel for it and never see it again
aka "the ballad of mugsby the cowardly maneater who got trapped in a fort by a massive horror on turn 14 for a couple of years when he should have been blood hunting"
just lol if you dont have the games category collapsed and muted
i have done yeah
but
that horror was fucking hilarious
so screwed over
man is it not horror time yet in late stage capitalism
i just did the n-1 neighbours until finally i was the last neighbour and got owned
<@230792589580697600> it was like turn 10, nowhere near horror time either
it's turn 59
feels longer
mate its turn 58
!details capitalism

goddamn it
herne is going to be like
20k years old
!details

anyone have any random garbage items? i want to trick out my ettin king
if it's better than a spiked club or furs i'm at least nominally interested
hahahaha
!status
!details

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lyvakeduuo
hey anyone here play warbands bushido? its a good my-brain-is-full-of-flu game
i bet age is an integer
what happens when herne gets to 65535
and gets older
i have no plan. who's gonna win?
game brok
server 'slpode
other games also 'brok
i take it that's a no?
ÁÅ´Ëªä
someone explain to me why misfortune is good now
i hate it
they diluted the event pool with tons of trash
it sucks
and the worst events are tied to things that are not misfortune
so, if you take mis3 and curate your scales appropriately you will not see them ever
the scale matters less and is therefore a dump stat
you can take luck 3 and have your cap sieged by dark vines like <@96715337440952320> and take mis3 and get gold events
it's dumb
i hate it a lot
i'm sick of all these woodhenge terrorists and barbarian immigrants and unemployed monster boars.
they need to release #selectevent so we can fix it
but apparently the only way to do it would be to delete all of the events and make them all over again?
so lmao
monster boars are annoying but barbs and stuff barely matter
mostly you will see like -5 income, +20 unrest in a place, or hay a witch died and there's more misfortune in a place with 3 misfortune already
but like quad dark vines on your cap should maaaaaaaybe be locked out by luck
basically make the scale more of a determinant on event pool so it's worth it
on your cap within year 1
good shit
the ubiquitous forest troll invasion seems to be another popular luck 3 one
there it is
event id [id]:    699
rarity [rarity]:    uncommon bad
 
requirements:
forest [req_forest]:    must be forest
turmoil scale [req_chaos]:    1
 
effects:
commander [com]:    #2219 forest troll
commander [2com]:    #2219 forest troll x 2
units [2d6units]:    #2219 forest troll x 2d6
the forest trolls are making trouble.
like what the fuck illwinter
i think it was iloveu that had that roll 15 trolls on like turn 3
what is the command to see who is in the god damn pankor game
type !details in teh pankor channel
event 699... nice...
what is pankor channel
o wtf
wtf no one told me there was a channel for this game
hello
don't worry nobody was talking behind your back
i have formed a seventeen player coalition to kill you
not a soul
so since the noobie game is over
someones gonna host a new game right
a boobie game
everybody is in pankor
!details

the chokepoints in this game mean that the n-1 strat won't work so well
pankor sucks
pankor is like 4 simultaneous gmaes going on at once
and im only in one of them!! all that lost value
shinuyama got wrecked damn.
don't worry you get to experience the globals and the merc-stealing of the other games
give it 10 turns
should have signed up to pankor 4 times bicth
i did
it was a huge problem
lol
the bot supports you playing multiple nations in a game
i think
it absolutely seems to
you do get the turn notifications for all players at once lol
and dominions does
so what's the problem???
ir
or
you can just say !details pankor
and pretend the pankor channel doesnt exist
can everyone please kill cryle

id be up for another less mental game
i'll pass, yomimod and pankor are both early turns so i'd get mega fucked in 20 turns from now
he's right in the far corner of the map
i will pay a cash bounty for every cryle unit killed
!details blanaced_team

im going to poach people from this awful, awful game for my new game]
actually i change my mind
i'd be up for one
!turns
ok what shoul dwe name it
and what age
but the most important part is the name
i am protected
pick something from here imo https://i.imgur.com/zx6qkxa.jpg
more like marignot ha ha ha owned itiot
one of pig is a good marveni god name
ea imo
i want to be a shitty bad nation and get chumped within 2 years
not yomi not water
ok how many people
not 20
lets limit to like less tha n10 for sure
!details

if you have unaging and you put a shroud on a guy
do they suddenly get  younger
:sagacious:
no unaging doesn't make you younger
you just age 1/4 the speed from then on
it does also make you younger, at recruitment
so in this case: no shroud does not work
but the bless means your sacreds are recruited as younger men
cryle is 1 throne point from victory
and has a vampire lord
we really honestly do need to kill him though
you arent even in this game riidi
huh these are some interesting graphs #freethegraphs
!details

gotta go to bed for now, but we'll all be seeing some stuff soon
that's his secret
i am very limited in who i can kill
right now i can attack like 2 of ewies provinces
and then hire ichtyids to invade under the sea
you are also limited in other ways
what happened to human alliance decrepus
my inbox was filled up human spam
but i need friends against the bird people underwater assholes and lava man hybrids
other than cryle the human alliance is still in effect
pythium has fallen to the bird people
wtf?
who was pyth
and how did shinu already go ai, like wtf is even going on
unaging does make you younger in terms of time spent learning magic
okay so pythium was some dude, and started with a cap adjacent to nazca
because we used the wrong number of players
shinu was jbre and he is burned out and also failed many expansions / got his god killed
lol
so pyth got rushed by an awake pretender or what
pyth failed to rush nazca
and then nazca hit conj3 and made hellbless condors
lol
monkee and i are both let's playing this game
dominions 5 is a goode videogam
youtube or just posts
it's dumber and more brokener than dominions 4, with more options and faster battles and weirder stuff
so yes
ulm went ai? wtf
youtube
noice
backwanzus is a pretender god
please make your way to east planet and own me so i can appear in a video
you're on the forest planet with no mobility
i'm sorry
is that the only planet like that? tbh i havent bothered to look at the map much
:i
*in map with teleportation technology voice*    this is an impassible mountain
it's the worst of them i think
are you lping it live or delayed? if delayed link channels please so i can get notifications
if live link channels please
i'm by all the interconnected farmland, it's awesome
ports!
<@!169456837236621312> <@120675876043096066>
good burden of time
sauro ate them
https://puu.sh/zi8v5/737ca19c45.jpg l o l
should have told the ai he had a nap with me
please be aware that this channel has been deleted, and it is no longer possible to post to it.
mekone
i killed the people leading his troops
monkee needs to be home, in the evening, to record lps i think
that seems like its a pretttttttty fucking bad outcome jon joe
i'm trying to get some other stuff done before i record mine
christ
i'm putting up my lp unlisted until there is enough of a delay for me to feel safe
...uh
this game is still happening??
so
fair point
what magisters arcane do at tur n15 is communioned tstrike i guess that was fairly obvious
(you can mute subchannels samgo, i have muted all of the ones for games i am not in)
so after arcane nexus
or never yes
too late. i have already deleted the channel
did buggos own them
no
having three tower knights as the entire armed forces owned them
that was an attack
uhhh
how unfortunate
im pythium. i make ass ass in
https://puu.sh/zi8pw/a8ca1b287c.jpg
lanka attacked me with wolves.
unprovoked ai aggression
im the mage not deployer generally
i spent like a thousand design points on making these lil fuckers read books good so im gunna read books good
game idea: disciples but each team is actually a single player logging in as 3 nations
that sounds awful boing
why would you say these things
you can have 3x as much fun
playing 3 nations at once
taking 3 turns per day
haha therodos has a bigger army than everyone combined, and double the forts of the second place.
im in seven games so i already take three turns per day
i think iloveu wanted to make one of those
but with 2 nations per player
i think i might become a dominions five streamer
lol <@178868273935417344> did you delete your fort so i cant have it
i will stream all of my turns , along with whatever music happens to be playing, whenever i happen to play them
and have open mic on so you can hear my music twice and maybe i will say something sometimes
hmmm
should i report that it should be magisters arcane not magister arcanes
in the bug report thread
greatings
i will record in approximately six hours. get fuckkkked
hell yeah
your seventy eight province defense brutally owned them
it also owned me, because now im tied down with a bunch of morons walking around because i can't beat seventy eight pd with 20 guys
absolutely
are there people on twitch streaming dominions five
is that a thing
who knows
be the change you wanna see in the world
i think the aggresively anti-viewer stance i  have formulated would be funny though
i agree
also my pipes are realllllly fucking bad so it would look like total trash
on account of i cant upload fast enough for it not to
stream via potato
https://www.twitch.tv/helmseye
this dudes live rn
this guy owns lol
to 1 viewer
well 2 now
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/226350818
ahaa what a coincidence
office tim aged terribly
he's floating 10k gold
what a coincidence we both looked at the only guy playing dominions
lol
hes forted every water province
and is using them all to make three and a half coral guards
and no mages
noice
hence the ten thousand gold
hes
empowered a indie priest
to earth 2 fire 1
to search on land
this guys amazing holy shit
lol
holy shit
i like this guys straightforward and down to eath narration
massively undermining the epic nature of the into text
who was he narrating for aren't you guys the only two viewers
yeah its surreal
im invisible
so he had 1 viewer before we came along
hes just distilled four gold
oh i think im watching the start of the stream
his empowered e2f1 indie priest is just reading books
im losing my fucking mind
*while sitting on 10 thousand gold* hmm i think i should take my fire gems and... make gold
is he smaug irl
he just
put seven sevent troops
onto a king of the deep
one at a time
unimaginably powerful
aaaaaaaaahhh
lm,ao
im going to replace the entire original post of the dominions five thread with this guys stream
who was the person asking if there was guids for how to play nations
goonrush the chat with wisdom
lmao
this guy needs to do the guides for every nation
[9:10 am] botnevermore: its just delete all game.
i changed my mind the bot can do the guides
lol
we found the niefel guy
i feel like we have
a moral duty
not to interfere in the development of this player
hes spent a thousand gold on mercenaries
he is a treasure
his fuckin
oh my god
his epithets
master of patience
communicating with him can only do harm
5 viewers hes going viral
lmao
im going insane
adding units one at a time to a squad
please continue narrating so i don't have to watch but  can enjoy
"him, and him, and him, and him, and him...."
master of patience doing his thing
looking good
jerek you are learning how to lp dominions my man
x5
that guy has five viewers
hes searched his capital
4 are in this chat
can never be too sure jsoh
oh hes closed the game by acicdent and now its hist desktop
i only see 3 watching now
use the n key
aaah
whats on his desktop
please it's not obvious not to search your cap
master of patience does not push n
hahahahahaha
he selects every province, one at a time, and examines every single commander and unit
every turn
"what can we build"
"build a lab"
im crying
"how about you"
i would go prodromal within 2 seconds watching so i'm not going to
"build a lab as well"
same province
its year 5 and hes waiting for the ai to attack him im certain
did he just install the game and start playing like an hour ago
maybe like 3 hours ago
i like his broody hand through hair thing
i dont know
watch the ai be on easy or something
so it's sitting in the corner banging its head on the heavy cav in its cap circle in y5
oh the sound went for a bit
and then it came back
the ai seems to own all the land
two labs in a province = twice as much research
he owns
like 5 sea provinces
lmao
aaahahahaha
and is attacking a corner of the land now
10k gold off of 5 sea
"im a bit ocd so im going for this corner first"
its year 5 late summer
time to start his first war
and hes resarching construction 5 , to go with conjuration 4 and alteration 1
fuck
please someone tell him to press ?
i have to go do a bunch of work where i c ant look at this chat
i dont want to emiss out
"it's a shame george, that your blanket broke when y" *he mutes his wife or girlfriend or daugher*
if any one of you talks in this mans chat i will ban you forever
yeah
agreed 100%
do not
he has a witcher scar
grandad geralt slowly looking for his lazy commanders
hes just fully lost one of his forts
yeah its basically my way of ensuring whoever takes my cap pays a reasonable price for it
he had a mage idle and he looked through every province except one like 3 times
not like the gold would help me with how resource heavy jomon units are
lmao
!details

he fucked off!
sad
come back and stream you shirker
no!
evidently someone has come to him with a contract to slay a cockatrice
he seems to have been debating whether or not to equip pills of water breathing on his monolith that has been underwater for 6 years
to set the scene for everyone whos not watching
he needs the money to get a perception increasing potion so he can find that idle mage province
this is a 45 year old married man
with slicked back white hair
geralt plays dominions five
geralt meets tim from the office
hes english or maybe welsh or something and his wife keeps bothering him
and he takes constant breaks to make cups of tea
but seriously, the rng ai *hates* jomon
it is cold where he is - he has added 2 layers of clothing in as many minutes
i don't think i've seen so many random province conquest events in the first turns
sometimes he clicks on items then looks at a commander
then back to the item
i think he is probably playing for a first time
the cycle repeats, but he plods on
or like a second
he has vods of himself streaming other games
he is the best dominions five streamer
hes started his attack!
oh i thought he went off line
geralt of slough leaps into action
how many individually assembled troops are there in his army
no he just left to put on a sweater and get some tea
for those of you not watching: "he's gonna go here"..."he's gonna go here"... xn
oh my god
the corner province has 2 river connections and hes just fucking baffled
lol
i dig his persistence
hes attacking with just his thrice empowered completely unscripted mage of the deep i think
he's brute forcing construction
he just tried clicking on like four different items
while it kept telling him he didn't have enough gems
this is so funny and i dont know why
ok he figured out the river
its sick i love it
yeah
i feel like im watching a child learning to walk
mate hes not learning to walk hes sitting in the corner pissing himself
does he
that's step 0 of learning to walk
not know how to watch battles
i dont think he does
or view battle reports
ive not seen him click on the messages
hes just building a fort a temple and a lab in every province
one by one the troops are moved
it's a child learning to ride a bike
oh my god click the repeat recruitment box pleeeease
master of patience eschews automation
who had not learned to walk or even balance
someone make a master of patience mod where there are no shortcuts, no viewable battle reports, no multi select, no repeat recruitment
once he starts losing hes not going to have any idea how
or why
not enough palisades
or even that hes losing i think
did he figure out how to upgrade the forts
i mean
yes
also how has he never clicked on a message
he builds everything with every commander
oh god hes never going to be able to lose is he
tiatanic.
unless this incredibly bad ai can come and take his throne
the ai will eventually will accidentally make a powerful amphibious thing
"you're only good for researching" he said with an air of dissapointment earlier when no further forts could be built
hes spelt titanic wrong oh my god
thanks in advance tanic looks right to me
master of patience.
master of patience, great defender
üòâ
37rp per month turn 72
his thrice empowered mage of the deep is just building a castle that will never be used to recruit anything
i finally understand who the target audience is for this game.
castling is a very powerful move have you played chess?
the game is so fuckign bad in this manner
tanic the samog
like he must have some inkling that hes not doing this correctly right
just had a thought - this can't be live, he's in bright sunlight
mate its england theres never been bright sunlight in this mans life
hes got a professional streamering setup
someone from illwinter needs to contact this man
this is depressing i'm not watching any further.
his skin looks pretty good
he clicked on a battle
this dude is 45 and wants to be a full time streamer.
i am 35 and i want to be a full time loafer
he has 4 viewers and it's us and he sucks ass.
he believes in himself
i think its inspiring
if he believed in himself he'd have more candles
he streams until 2am every thursday and friday.
surely the accumulated wisdom of the turn time tips could have got him out of this hole by now
i'm done with this.
turn tips are a well of immense wisdom for him
you'll never be a master of patience with that attitude
game-specialist , games-tester, games-reviews, game-youtuber love playing board games and pc games that make me think too hard
i think it's probably his first day playing
oh no dont   spoil the magic
i am 32 and want to be a full time loafer
keep the dream alive
i would say i am about a 75% loafer rn
and constantly broke as hell
i worked like 20 weeks last year so im pretty solidly a part time loafer
seasonally yaknow
yeah sometimes i work like 80 hours in a week
and other times i am sick for a month, i guess
yeah working 30 12+ hour days in a row is standard for me
"working"
i was driving around cleveland delivering food, and then i got guns brandished or pointed at me twice so i stopped doing that
standing around in a place you would not normally stand around in qualifies as work
ive been promoted so far beyond my capabilities. now i sit around in a place i would not normally sit around
good deal
same
though in all honestly, this office is nicer than my apartment
my upcoming job i will be sitting around some place thats really far away
well its been quite a ride but that's enough palisade contruction simulator for one day
lol
so once im done they will drive me to another place to sit around and also sleep and then feed me food and drink for free
i will be checking in on his progress, watching from afar like alec guinnes
thats the best part of showing up to work
guy probably spent a week setting up his professional-quality perfectly lit greenscreened ass face cam for his dream of streaming himself clicking one unit at a time for 4 people watching him ironically, full time.
eating free food and coffee other people bought
<@184675842432040960> so are we going to fight for arakis now or in a few turns?
honestly being an adult is so much like daycare now
im 5 years old , except forever
<@317410996169736204> you're right, this is soul crushingly depressing
its fucking precious
i don't think it's that depressing
i suspect he gets more views on some of the shit he does
and i suspect he will eventually learn. i kinda hope he doesn't though.
"that explains it"
farewll general patience, who sent our men one by one to their deaths
named himself after a diaster and spelled it wrong ass mfer.
dont sign your fucking posts
free spawwwwn
also opsec :(
i don't know, buddy
https://www.instagram.com/p/bezlbg2agok/?taken-by=helmseye  cool instagrqamnf.
but it looks like going north has no "prophet" for you
game of thrones creators david benioff and d.b. weiss to write and produce a new series of star wars films
lol
yeah therodos the nation that is totally stymied by one of those priest statues
every single water province they could access is rock walls now
i want to see bb8 getting raped
all evidence points to him just starting to do this this week
i killed 3 of rlyehs priest statues so far
it's honestly been an enjoyable game so far
or wait i guess twitch affiliate vods only last a week so
could be forever
turtle up in my pond, get free access to the next pond and then the one rlyeh is in
so he bought all this stuff to set everything up and just plays games. does his wife work to buy him games
spam temples everywhere, watch freespawn go fucking whoa
or does he work and this is what he does on his days off
he might be retired? he has white hair and a witcher scar
i dont think you are allowed to retire in engerland anymore
he's 45
its true you must work until you die
that's may's excise
sorry i am not allowed to retire now
in the anglosphere you just work until death now i think
you say "now" but it's always been that way
since 1066 and the fucking french came over
he streams after working i think
jeremy corbyn professional ck2 twitch streamer
cuz
do you get it, like profit
(jk it was the same before then too)
but prophet, and theres none, cuz it got killed by 3 militia
jesus christ willus i thought that was the markov bot then
you scared the shit out of me
well my grandfather was a mechanic for airplanes and stuff and he stopped working twenty years ago and still has a good standard of living
so there was a brief window there where you didn't work until you died unless you felt like it
he plays as a muslim republic every game
lol
wtf were you talking about
the newest pro dom5 streamer
looks like ai pan is rip
the newest, best, worst and only dom5 streamer
37 rp late game
wtf
i want to play in a game with him
well if you graphed forts he's probably winning
is he playing the ai
i like that there is a thunder dome planet
2 nations, one way in and out
of course
the real question is who is winning
which studio would fuck up dominions more: creative assembly or paradox
ca
they would make it prettier but that's not what this fucked up game is about
they'd probably sell more copies too
which is the worst pat
i am playing another game with this map that adds extra connections
2 ways off the desert world
kinda ruins the theme of desert world
the theme being "haha look at the poor dumb idiots who started in that shithole"
the same one here
desert world is absolutely a shithole and not probably the most gem and gold rich start per tile üòÆ
so dont bother coming here!!
im sure it will be gem rich as all hell
and a dome that leads to the water moon and cave moon
:bless: moons
but the income is going to be a piece of shit outside of the gold mines and handful of central provs
which is kind of important in the early game
grape gold mind
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/384661081194233877/410571682466627584/moose_sniper.jpg
the correct moose rider attack sprite
pay attention to the discussion geez
everyone else was talking about paths
no?
"whats an ea nation with astral and death"
- makes a list of them
yes
"no i mean in terms of gems they get for free"
???
yeah exactly
starting gems
i am sorry if you experienced difficulty in your haste to respond to a question with an incorrect answer.
i dont think anyone actually has starting sd in ea do they
i dont think so
tc
oh do they get one of each in their random assortment of gems
maybe two s
tc does oops
yeah'
s2d1
you would think sauromatia would
they got so much astral
sauro has to search it up as does niefel
by so much astral you mean astral one
for ea that is an astral powerhouse monkee please do not belittle their 90% of s1 on a unit and s1 on a 145g mage
90% on an s1 has some insane game mechanic breaking implication or something
i remember vaguely
you can make it from a fort without a lab
the huge gigantic implication of not having to build a lab
so you save 500g from every research fort
kind of
which is half the cost of a fort
except you want to be able to make enaries probably
and maybe dumb priestess things
right and transfer gems around and teleport and so on eventually
and if you are saccing, not having labs sucks
yes exactly
and you lose a turn of research on your guyss
cause they have to walk
the bot agrees w me
and some of them are only useful to put in your cap to stop bad events extremely infrequently
and the president(?) agrees w me
or sometimes tell you something great like "in 3 turns the stars will be right for enchantment"
well, if you take a retarded god like i did you have luck so no bad events bing bong so simple
nice
good luck in your travels
except the part where you are fucking owned by gaia throne
who spawns a gemmed ivy lord who spams swarm
also, monster boars
and well actually you know what fuck luck
i think luck patala getting completely trashed within year 1 was a big part of me being done with the game for a bit lol
yea thats messed up
it is quite insanely fucked up to have multiple income loss events and then an unbeatable attack on turn 10 with luck imo
take misf3 and spam fortune tellers in your cap, like me
200 points right there going to waste
at the same time he was having this happen, i, mis3 utgard
was getting gold events
https://i.imgur.com/qa4kdno.png
misf was already good in dom4 and now its ultra fucked
all of the new events fucked everything up
good dog
and the scales were lessened in effect
apart from growth
i mean the event related parts
which was... made stronger...
oh right
scales as a whole were fucked up
basically when designing a god you start with growth 3 unless you are popkill
yeah it's all fucked up and they're not interested in fixing it because they're in coe brain mode where you just load up a game, play it co op while you do something else, and if you get shafted by events you laugh it off and load up another one
in their extremely overcomplicated pbem 4x game that takes months
<:illwinter:372894192894214176>
thinking man: take 2d so people cant siege u good
*halves effectiveness of siege defense*
are any of the other beta testers
asking them to fix scales
and event
s
fuck
zonk and algulod are the most active and i don't think so
zonk is the best beta tester to ever live
hm
i think i hung out with them in their shitty irc long enough that
if i asked them to bring it up they might
though that was a couple years ago so maybe they forgot
are scales moddable i never checked
kind of
if you could most scales and #selectevent it'd be fine
you can mod some of scales
and yes i asked for select event and 105xx and 106xx spell effects but no dice
cause some autist (it's me) would go in and change event requirements
to not be stupid bullshit, and crank luck back up
more than once i have asked about select event
even the z man
and red rob and the others
have all asked
so i'm guessing they just cannot do it
it will randomly appear in a patch note in like two years after everyone forgot
i would get alarm blaring sirens from the dom 5 modding crew in my pms if it appeared lol
instead of people who have been referred to me to ask about cataclysm
because i tested it twice in the beta days when the game wasn't out
so for some reason the other beta testers keep sending strange people to ask me how it works like i would be any better informed than they would be after 10 minutes
there are three monster boar events
hell yeah
none are bound to anything but growth. good shit
what are the rarities
because there is also an autohappening one you can send at people
2 of them are 2.
ok so uncommon bad
the other one is gaia
w t f is the mod inspector
so the monster boar spell right
is 42 which is remote event but the damage is 11?
and event 11 is definitely not that
unless it goes by id which maybe it does actually
yes that is it
sorry i am being deranged
i think a lot of stuff in the mod inspector for dom 5 stuff is bugged / displaying wrong
2155 is the monster boar event
yes a lot of it is fucked atm
and larz doesn't know how to cross creck things also like what missing effects are wrt what has those properties which is annoying
doesn't help that the tags are often not what the mod tags are
which is understandable but also kind of a pain in the ass
388 and 2155 both have event id 11 for monster boar
does it randomly pick? who knows
they both have the same text so it doesn't actually matter
lmao event 272
and auto-triggered events don't rely on scales
it's a plague event. death 3 common bad
thats it. that's the requirement
it's black death event
it's limited to turn 15 at least
i got a plague event in my cap in pankor
lost 80% of prov income there
but i think the event chain ended
and it went back to normal
there were a lot of other bad things that could have happened
so
and you have cultivate the wasteland scales
so lmao
event 283 is el classico eat shit turmoil event
ah you have turmoil 1, 35 unrest and 100% tax loss
i'm glad they made it turn 5 and onwards
after turn 6 in ea especially your cap income is more or less disposable
yep
even 280 looks pretty badass too
def do not need to buy expensive mages
you can lose 10% of your pop on the first turn because you have low candles
lol if you have not had that event in crucial provs especially if you have had dominion loss events such as demons attacking
384 is almost undoubtedly the shittest event in the game to recieve
10% pop loss and your extremely good hero does, in return skogu gets one path boost
kirke never showed for me
just skogu by his lonesome
there are so many fucking bad events
so so many
you'd basically need to dump the whole table out and edit like 25% of them
the ones that just attack people are some of the worst in terms of drama
whos skogu
there's so many crippling poploss events
and attacks
unbound by luck at all
skogu is a sauromatian hero
ah
he is basically as good as a normal cap only mage
but his superpower is that he eats blood slaves
and if he's in the same province as your a2s2d4n4 hero he can sometimes kill and eat her and 10% of the entire population
mine made some vampires and read books
and gain 1 blood
i believe i am now up to vampires (3)
at this rate, i will have double digits the turn i am killed by someone
i think you're gonna win that game monkee
!details

who are these dom 3 mods posters
[wrt yomi buff mod] have you considered making it so phoenix pyre on dai oni works on their actual form, instead of just their spirit form?

currently phoenix pyre is essentially a worthless buff on dai oni because of this.
sure let me just repackage the exe for you?????
lol
!details

im about to die in that game jerek
im pretty sure im getting horrored this turn
oh shit
it's turn 50 and i just got const6
so uh, im not going to survive
[11:40 am] jbrereton: and if he's in the same province as your a2s2d4n4 hero he can sometimes kill and eat her and 10% of the entire population
ah good
remember abysia is in the game, acquired kailasa very early and has been sitting there unmolested for like 30 turns
so we are all dead probably
oh yeah good point
well i know what my strategy is for whatever game remains
he didn't actually storm kai until like year 3. it was back and forth for a while
wasn't he sitting on it for a while
(anyone know what turn capitalism (cataclysm) begins?)
just collecting that cash money
yeah. but later on i thought
the fact that you can stand on someone's caps and make ghouls is very good
<@255835336083636234>  yes that's my game, no you can't have mictlan
[11:49 am] jerek: well i know what my strategy is for whatever game remains
case rain?
yes
definitely
its me the big bad abysia [sound of someone undoing their fly and starting to piss]
gg!
i will kill infinity boars until the horrors come. then i will embrace oblivion
witness
im even magic 3
there is no feasible way that i survive lol
hahaha
i actually already have my death plan going
i have not spent a death gem for over a year
(it's burden of time)
heh
abysia probably won't care. but its the least i could do
make him pay the boot tax
its not a game about winning anyway
its a game about making everyone else mad
agreed
i had no idea how to make ryleh performant
!details ea-sports-a-newbie-game

!help
<@218916773175623681>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
atlantis go home
you got your throne, stay off my land
mekone
if you dom kill someone do you still need to kill their army
or does the province just become empty
their troops disappear
bot needs "kick motherfucker that stole my nation" option
there is a new turn. it's got arrows in it.
who makes new channels on the dischode
!details

!item pills
<@160127200803160064>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=item&itemq=pills&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
mass tstrike spam looks way cooler in dom5
than in dom4
so do meteors
though i miss the supremely goofy sprites
oh did they change tstrike
tstrike already had a pretty good feel to it in dom4 even
new meteors are indeed cool as fuck
the simultaneous casts
oh god that's right
actually they get staggered a little
so you get like 5 strikes in one second
very slightly but it's like a wave of lightning
also it stuns now i guess
of course it does
problem: in dom4 lightning is the best element hands down but sometimes enemies can move
solution: lightning now causes short term paralysis
jesus christ dude you have shadow blast
who
caelum
oh
isnt that like evo 6
5
oh less impressive
me and berytos got into an arrow fight
see stuff like "lightning or blood is too good for x reasons" bugs me way less than growth being too good, or luck being useless
because like, you can play around the strengths of nations and use them to get other nations to help you kill them sometimes
but the scales being busted just
makes there less ways to play
not that some more good water and fire stuff would be unappreciated
i guess it's supposed to be the equivalent of cold freezing you
and fire setting you on fire
and earth uh
embedding you in the earth sometimes
that was a lot of arrows
but all my mercs died :((
testing for aar
now that some time has passed on dom5, i'm curious
how are battlefield-wide nukes shaping up?
ros got nerfed, but i haven't even seen it in dom5 yet
sweepers like that used to be a staple
wheres the hoburg nation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s18yurixtfg&t=9s
!register ea-sports-a-newbie-game lanka
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game

!list
!register ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game
!details ea-sports-a-newbie-game

!register ea
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game
!register easports
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game
!register ea
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game
!help
<@218916773175623681>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
oopsie
!register lanka ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@68614451045076992>: registering ea lanka for <@68614451045076992>
<@289305103704391681> newbie game goin up
i have nothing but my research and my big pile of mages in my cap
if that can kill elephants so be it
!details

just gonna jump right back on that siege. who cares. go wild. lets get crazy.
your single fuckin candle is killing me
the new samog
im busy
nazca just sieged pythiums capital with all their cap mages
plus a random event w2 mage
are you going to kill both of them
i hope pythium wins
!details

sounds like you should have started hoping 7 turns ago
i did! i told him to make a big scary monster and apparently he tried to expand??
!details

!register ulm ea-sporta-a-newbie-game
<@184675842432040960>: error: could not find the game
oh my god im dying
!register ulm ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@184675842432040960>: registering ea ulm for <@184675842432040960>
!details ea-sports-a-newbie-game

only gonadic would have such a horrible server name
pythium wont win
https://i.imgur.com/y6rkpeb.png
also nazca doesnt even have its cap circle yet
i have alteration 2 so its time to deploy my ultimate strategy: 10000 winged hill wizards
my face when the three people signed up for the newbie game are clearly not newbies
yeah, if your only fort is sieged, it's not looking good for you
your phase is the windowlicker face at all times
what are you talking about
riiidii?/ morel ike, shiddyii
im sorry that was rudei  respect u as a person i just cant hlep fucking with u in dom at all popertune
are you really going to ai in pankor or did u say that as parpt of your little game, your petit jeau
i haven't even posted the post about this game yet
also i came up with the game name
also gonadic is not going to play mictlan i am
can i be ulm
i wnat to die
yes
and we all want to die, we're playing dominions
what is the vogue nazca mega bless
im gonna ban pan that's it
quickness + thunder weapons
probably and blood surge
jsoh won some blitzes with it and messed up a bunch of dudes in holywarcrimes
i'm not sure that the nazca in this game is using it though
he's on quickness + thunder + luck
man
that sure is a hellbless
also doesn't all work on supaya
i think
https://78.media.tumblr.com/be29f99231c10e5ce817feff5e6099e7/tumblr_nmkct9sauh1u1znbvo1_400.gif
um?
shhhhh
he'll hear you
yeah!!
!list

!details üçÜ

!details capitalism

explain this meme to me if you please, i am terrible at three kingdoms still
!details

jerek do you know anything about three kingdoms
yes
this is one of liu bei's tiger generals returning his baby to him after risking his life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhdqnsidsa8
i watched the end of the show with you
and have seen red cliff
lol
i wasn't there for this bit, though i remember it now
in that i think you showed me this clip before
i watched it so much that i fever-dreamed having made a meme about it
i hope the stunt baby was paid well
!details ea-sports-a-newbie-game

!details

<@175017399886675970> do turn
tfw you raid a cap killing over a thousand dudes
also i have one prove with two wells of pestilence
and a prov next to it with a well of pestilence and a plaguewater stream
ram c
sceleria has like 11 fuckin points
!details

im pretty sure if either of us lose our 3 pointer he just wins
can you kill 2 horrors a turn forever
<@110869804197351424> do your turn before i go to bed
he had severe pankor sores for weeks due to a poorly stuck landing
i have a souvenir shops and i don't know what terrific!
!details

it's been close to 12 hours since there has been a turn, this is clearly unacceptable
i blame cryle
!register ea abysia
<@389252874242359296>: error: could not find the game
!register ea-sports-a-newbie-game abysia
<@389252874242359296>: error: could not find the game
!register abysia ea-sports
<@389252874242359296>: error: could not find the game
ugh im dumb
!register abysia ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@389252874242359296>: registering ea abysia for <@389252874242359296>
ea abysia!
alas i was considering joining as they
!register mekone ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@289305103704391681>: registering ea mekone for <@289305103704391681>
thats why its dumb to have a multiple word alias for your game on the robot friends!
sorry
i have pankor sores
yes, i have seen that joke already
but i guess we can partially blame ewie for putting you on the spot
!details ea-sports-a-newbie-game
come on

fucking thing
you are going to continue to see it
are you
sore
over pankor sores jokes
pythium has another fort
but mictlans got it
man
lol what how did
this game
i don't think they let the back up either, nevermore
<@184675842432040960> i am tempted to join this game who should i be
pick a nation
niefelheim
ugh what a bad choice
why is bitch queen 160 points
where is the secret power of this chassis
hands and regen
i can maybe kill 2 horrors a turn forever
maybe
iron blizzard is real
do i need to patrol this fort or what are the rules
fucking idiot agartha played killed their god on me for no reason and so doing lost their throne
yes you need to patrol
if the horror sieges your fort
it can kill the throne from outside
i doubt my ability to kill even one honestly
looking forward to the writeups!
rip game
<@175017399886675970>  dont stale
u got an hour thirteen, bucko
zz
the big gamer play is to delete the fort
@everyone hey guys, kermath is hosting a diciple game, anyone wanna team up?
oh yeah what is the name of that one
!servers
!details blanaced_team

can amphibs cross rivers
yes
horrors can destroy thrones without taking forts?
damn
yes
greetings
!details

mekone
!details

its really fast too
its one or two turns yeah
!register sauromatia ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@303193134026981389>: registering ea sauromatia for <@303193134026981389>
mmm what are the throne & cataclysm settings for the diciple game?
doesnt matter its never gunna start
<@233383745779007499>  you have to play niefelheim!!! respect the nap!!
!details ea-sports-a-newbie-game

!register agartha ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@255835336083636234>: registering ea agartha for <@255835336083636234>
oh shit wrong chat sorry lol
wow imagine a dom game without any fucking heims or vans or vanheims
thrones are up in the air, probably 69 cata
maybe 6 lvl 2 thrones with 6 points needed
or maybe 7
just for fun
!unregister ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@184675842432040960>: removing user 184675842432040960 from game ea-sports-a-newbie-game
!register hinnom ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@184675842432040960>: registering ea hinnom for <@184675842432040960>
<:prism:372894359680712727>
the master of patience waits....
i staled last turn. i'm so sorry
hahaha
!register tir ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@332710960554835988>: registering ea tir na n'og for <@332710960554835988>
ragha has over 20 provinces and is gonna get probably a dozen more by the end of the year
<@317410996169736204>
thisisfine
further proof that elephants are fucked up
we had one ray of hope. one chosen champion to defeat the cursed ragha
but with the death of scales patala, all is lost
.q  -1
.q -2
nobody says anything funny in this chat.
laughs are thought crime
.tag density fucker
.tags density
.tag jerek general winter
.tag cryle shopkeeper
dumb game
everyone else just let you win because i killed one guy
very good
the horror didnt even return to my throne
it went to squat with his friend on man fort
slackers
i now have a 100% win rate in dom5
animepower
jsoh might not like it, but this is was peak anime performance looks like
almost but not quite.
pushed a new version of the bot
couldn't see anything broken but give me a shout if my testing missed something
whats the new version supposed to be
!details

just some touchups
!unregister dom5newbiegame
<@255835336083636234>: removing user <@255835336083636234> from all nations in game dom5newbiegame
i changed how the db code works
which is my worry, but it seems okay
all the main features are done at this point so it'll mostly be code cleanup and bugfixes from hereon
!list

!details üçÜ

!register newbie jotun
<@255835336083636234>: error: could not find the game
other way round isn't it
hmm can still clean that one up
yeah i was checking the error message
!register jotun newbie
<@160127200803160064>: error: could not find the game
ahh
not a real game
i though it was the alias for dom5newb
nah
check it in !list to see
!register foo bar
<@255835336083636234>: error: could not find the game with alias bar
yeahhh
!register foo "bar"
<@255835336083636234>: error: could not find the game with alias bar
!register t dom5newbiegame
<@255835336083636234>: error: could not find nation starting with t
!register test "escaping""); quit()
<@160127200803160064>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
awww
lol no
no sql injection either
rip vulnerabilities
best injection you can do is discord reaction injection
see
!details üçÜ

that's not really injection is it
i presume on the bot side it just looks like the plaintext ```:eggplant:```
and that's still ```:eggplant:``` in the db, discord just displays it like that
yeah
yeah
i mean you could potentially name a game ```:run-command(delete):``` and maybe discord will do something with that string
idk
i'm kinda assuming discord's reactions isn't vulnerable like that...
for it to do anything you'd have to name a emoji that
and i'm pretty sure parantheses are illegal in emoji names so
!register foo "\"); drop tables;"
<@255835336083636234>: error: could not find the game with alias "); drop tables;
!details

what does the yomi mod actually do btw
!register niefelheim ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@282159431519567873>: registering ea niefelheim for <@282159431519567873>
gives prophetshapes, gives sloth power and chaos recruit to oni, makes the yomi basic mage 2/turn rather then 1/turn, gives yomi the summoning spells that shinumiya/jomon get
oh, and adds a new type of oni, recruitable in the cap if you have a dai oni prophet,
the oni summoning spells not all of them
and also gives yomi a less good nushi transform called a yomotsu for the namanari
<@96715337440952320> which other ones do shinu/jomon get
plus some other recruits
shinu and jomon get all kinds of mad stuff like dragons and the like
or certainly jomon does
woodland spirits and that
¬Ø\_(„ÉÑ)_/¬Ø
i've not played jomon out of the one game and i'm so dead in that game that its not funny
!spells oni
!spell oni
<@160127200803160064>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=oni&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
ah yeah, jomon has all the shinto stuff
forgot about that
also ambush of tigers, the worlds least exciting national spell, held by like, 13 nations
ya there's still no kitsune and the like for yomi although they do get a way to summon kurasa tengu nationally from mountains
!details ea-sports-a-newbie-game
? yomi could already summon tengu

or do you mean recruit
yes they get a recruit which has a 25% chance of netting them a caster for it
!register mictlan ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@218916773175623681>: registering ea mictlan for <@218916773175623681>
ah, neat
albeit 2 comrec so unless your cap is in a mountain (not implausible) it will take 2 turns to have a shot at it
should prob register for my own game
!register arco ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@160127200803160064>: registering ea arcoscephale for <@160127200803160064>
<@170392794706214912> just you dude
why he chuck his kid
tired: building your own forts
wired: tricking your enemies into building forts and then taking them for that advanced human fort tech
new turn, new turn
lies and herasey
rip war crimes
hi riidi
the lesson is the war crimes lose
virtuous romans win
hi. cant help but notice youre a water nation on land here...
who won
i'm a coastal nation
sceleria
13365 now
on herne
they had most everything
i will kill herne one day maybe
i could probably make a thug that would beat him but also why bother at this point
i am just throwing like 2-3 indie priests into whatevr forest i want to temple
rules of nature
i wonder if i could just steal the spell tbh
you can't have overcast it too much
if you steal the spell do you steal herne
or is it a new herne
:herne instantly dies to a pythium prophet super hydra:
probably the same
what keeps aging him
who knows
he just ages 2-300 years every turn
ive reported it for the past 4 patches
i'm planning on waiting until he collapses under the weight of oceania before grabbing his land
ty
have you seen him yet?
a star kid tried to assassinate my worm mage
the worm mage cast enlarge on his bettle friends every round
hah no
he's an inch past me with a million murderdemons
big beetle
does enlarge stack
did star kid get dog piled by twenty scabiels
no but he makes 1d6 beetles every turn
what the i just got attack reared by indies and owned
lol
poor squids
should stay in the water
that was in the water
sea trolls with a cunning mind
biger lol
just tremendous
they killed about 500g of stuff including my prophet. i am owned
so every turn he has new freidns to make large beetles
that owns
worm mage as programmed by illwinter *being larger is very strong*
all hail
if man-sized beetles had man-sized bites they would be powerful
it worked tbh
but they probably have 1 an damage tiny bite
regardless of how big they become.
the beetles destroyed the star kid
it worked because he could have picked his nose and won
because he's a worm mage
his nose is full of beetles, yes
hey, that star kid had 1 pearl
he could have been dangerous
he could have uhh
paralyzed him, and still died
i cant check the game but my vanheres probably died to lanka fort pd
bc they have markatas and vanheres suck at mowing through markatas
they are so small
so tiring to murder
their only weakness is reaching their kill limit and shutting down
we have just the best indies in this game
*clears throat* that makes them smart.
nvm i won because my idiot vanjarls spent like 10 gems against 20 pd
first rule ofvanhiem
no gems on jarls
items are okbut no raw gems
i had storm and air elementals in case the ai brought his army, but he did not
now i have no gems. thanks vanjarls
all that markata hp scared them
lets see the battle report
this is bullshit
i guarded that commander
with troops
too bad
theres rolls for that
ye well grats you assassined my ability to win
:)
assassin 2 btw
so ++ patience
still very lucky that i rolled out on the one guy who would win me the battle with like 18 commanders there
with only 3 rolls
do bodyguards defend in seduction attempts
yes
seducers are generally patience 0
did you see nuclearmonkey the battle report
i'm lping it. turn 10 is the turn of the sea trolls with the best brains
of me insanely brutally destroying jon joe
by pure luck
they're in a hurry to get that bone on
what battle report
https://puu.sh/zifi0/88757b81d7.jpg
whoa that's pain
did you assassinate the commander holding all of the troops
https://puu.sh/zifia/e38e4bd4de.jpg i assassinated the guy leading this
lmao
and 1 magister arcane
well, he has a bunch of forts and gold now
so that's like 3 turns worth of stuff
its turn 15
this is a pretty substantial smack
what were they even casting on turn 15
like lightning bolt
tstrike
thunderstrike
in communion
la man has insanely good research
rip
due to drain immune
i can cast uhhh
make afraid
and 1.5 magisters arcane / turn
i can cast moak
who sends out 13 mage with 3 knights as blocker though
i‚Äôm casting
go ai
of course you are
because you are a tiny baby jon joe.
i attacked libluini because he was small and didn't seem to be able to stop me
i'm casting ski weekend!!!!! woooooo!
but then i remembered ktonian reanimators are +10 res so he actually has a shitton of res no matter what i do
yes but otoh only in 1 fort and i'm p sure la agartha fort pd is not good
he's got a lot of xbows now. im just dancing around
which faction are you
i've already destroyed one of my own forts
weak to arrow: the nation
utgard
he speed utgard
hes jotunheim but lame
ah not a fun assassin nation
utgard is jotunheim but without parental supervision
the nether darts faction
i can kill him if he touches my candles though
because my god is insanely good
are their seithkona still 85 gold
!unit seith
<@304750755397500929>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=seith&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
jon joe are you going to be like the guy in 2001 where i owned the shit out of him and then he went ai and his ai effortlessly destroyed me
something like that. i am producing a fort in every province i can afford to
i hope so
which is a lot, since i have nothing of value to make besides some sacreds and chaff and wizards
many seithkona
seithkonar ftw
quote the raven, nether `darts`
more like nether farts
i just learned panic i didn't go evo
powerful
i have alt for dog and panic
woah
rushing thaum 5 and then more alt for luck/ethereal?
+ swarm
no i stopped at 3. i need panic
plz dont burden my time
i have swarm
oh wait no i dont
ilove too panic.
i almost have swarm. i have alt3
powerful
i too am a nearly swarm haver, in bad game
i need panic to defeat seventy eight jomon pd
i kind of want to have my god find gems but i will lose like a billion rp if i do that
lmao
!details ea-sports-a-newbie-game\
<@184675842432040960>: error: could not find the game with alias ea-sports-a-newbie-game\
!details ea-sports-a-newbie-game

lol, just lol if you don't have 3 gods
literally 78 pd
unless he's made more, which is possible
lol if u dont add 100 rp/turn per turn
i have a solution monkee: bvc the province until it gets below 780 people
i own all of his provinces except his cap. he tried to break out and hit the province in his cap circle that generated knightly order the turn i took it
which i put 25 pd in
nevermorebot - today at 4:05 pm
gonadic is to figure out my mispelled lobby
and killed all of his things to the man
this one is good imo
christ
i guess with 78 pd you can't even bvc it
hmm
what a powerful strat
should i murder this guy making a fort
always
or wait for him to make a fort and take it
or that i guess
killing the fort is more enraging
hes already going ai
and as la pythium you tend to want very few fort
ah
on account of my extremely good assassin
in that case probably kill it so they ai can't make 9999 lion tribe/turn out of it
your bullshit assassin
hey man i had 3 tries
could have given every ma 10 longbowmen jj
or 15 even due to fire
that wasn‚Äôt the issue
the thing is that wasnt the first assassination it shouldnt have bene a surprise
it is if your army doesn't move jj
if every magister brought 10 troops i would ahve lost that battle badly
and you would not have lsot your wizard pile
look i‚Äôm just bad ok
and , you had 2 commanders
so why not split troops between them?
it's okay to be bad but please do not flame people trying to explain some ways to combat assassins
the second commander was more troop
coming in
he went into the battle and brough 3 knights tho?
.tags jsoh
**epic rp pythium bully**
oh he was coming from the other province
i get it nevermind
ye
my troop pile for the actual fight wasn‚Äôt going to be large
just like 20 dudes
its la you only lost 14 mages
dont go ai! instead nap me imo
it‚Äôs too late
and let me have whats mine and we cna be friends and kill uhh , caelum together
i already submitted the ai turn
you can undo it
there is no honor in storming the cap of an ai.
theres n ofucking way im going to storm the cap of that ai
hes still man with scales lmao
or i could it will just take fucking ages
and all his troops are on the inside lol
jj reset the turn, send in a half turn where you don't go ai, and then do the turn
13 mages is quite recoverable as la man, probably the 2nd strongest la faction
did you at least bump one other nation so i dont have to spend the entire rest of the game fighting fuckin gobs of ai longbows
: (
keep in mind j soh lost quite a lot of troops there
i thought la man was only average, did it change in dom5
yes it owns
i mean magisters arcane were already good
actually they are called magister arcanes in canon boing.
due to the rec point changes it gets 1.5 of its very useful mages / turn from its best forts and its xbow/heavy infantry are still limited by res not rec whereas a lot of its competitors are rec choked
boing how do you feel about me destroying my own fort
dammit
ok thats not a perfect implementation there
im still laughing though
lol
mostly i‚Äôm just burnt out ok
what are you talking about jsoh thats perfect
its good absum, sieging down forts sucks
i think the robot trying and failing over and over again to use the ancient forms would maybe be better
absum do you ahve any death gems
ill trade you bvc for death gems at cost
.q add absum boing how do you feel about me destroying my own fort
nevermorebot - today at 4:21 pm
very carefully.
no give me your death gems
they are for tomb kings only
ill trade you your own cap for death gems.
jonjoe send me all of your gems so when i lose i will have enough to alch for bot
wow.
i mean i will just dispell it because im pythium
but we should follow the mega man rules in all things
where the guy who made you go ai gets your shit
i am the mega man
the robot masters dont give their powers to the other robot masters, they give it to mega man
lol none of you are getting shit
even more ai chaff to fight
send it to me
dibs on all of the provinces
im dying
it‚Äôs true monkee will probably get all the provinces
wrong
how big is ragha for real though
ragha is going to walk directly through me
they are ginormous
problematic
theya re all the way to patala now
jsoh ive some death gems but im not yet ready to kill my own mage
well i already have thau3 and thau4 is right there
they have taken one of my m16 provinces but i dont think it best to argue about them
has nobody researched a spell to kill zhayedans yet
also i can only afford one
i can kill them once i have alt4 thau4 pretty easily
raghu is also
right next to me
and me
if the guy has fire shield i cannot defeat him in any way
whats his bless
i dunno
nice!
also my supercombatant sacreds can trade with zhayedan in melee
quickness regen right
he doesn't have fire shield it's quickness/regen/blood surge / something else
and i have more of them
i can maybe defeat them by assassinating everything
but luckily i will be stuck fighting la man ai until ragha wins the game
isnt he recruiting zhayedan spahbeds every turn
im sure it will be easy to assassinate zhayedan spahbed
yes
like 3 of them every turn
is he giving them holy water
^ every day his intelligence grows
fuck my life
he isn't giving them holy water
good hopefully he doesn't figure that out
i'm not sure he even has the mages to do that or the technology
it's const2
so hes just walking them around leading guys
and he can make those wizards
!item holy water
<@148098869782118401>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=item&itemq=holy%20water&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
with someone to bless
he's walking them around with his prophet
who is also a zheyedan spahbed
such advanced tactics
oh well if he fucks with me ill just destroy him then
lol if you don‚Äôt spend the first 20 turns without research
maybe that game shouldn't have had a name a mile long
you just walked atm e on turn 15 with a thunderstrike communion you fraud
zhayedan with quick have a kill limit and i can cast swarm
like as patala i killed quite a lot of them in our one battle
it is doable
well lol at me then
i dont have strength 20 guys with 2 handed weapons
you have gladiators
i should have gone with the extremely good strat of playing ragha
you will need a lot of them
cast storm imo
spamming pythium storm of thorns + gladiators should wreck them easily
w/ some swarm probs
he will rout me turn 1 if he concentrates forces at all im sure
will his spahbeds die when you cast bot
yeah if he puts everything together you would need like two hundred gladiators and literally all of your wizards
no
and like 20 nature gems worth of swarm
.markov swarm
maek insect is zhayedan weakness
make insect is everything‚Äôs weakness that isn‚Äôt make skeletons
also my giants
who would brutally slay a 1hp insect with a forty five damage strike
yeah having a 40 damage axe is a pretty glaring weakness
cleaving units when illwinter?
cleaving units exist
no i have a plan if i am engaged with insects
it is insect wars 2018
bug on bug
no hold bars
i think i can probably insect harder than you
but maybe not anybody else
you can but you don't want to move that many wizards away from your land
and im not attacking you
!details

i think we should make <@!148098869782118401> kill ragha
i should go for stellar focus/haunted forest right
agreed
he's big and rich as fuck
boing it's your job
best part of lanights is the perpetual bogarus-ctis slapfight lol
boing and jon joe
isn't it just mostly ctis dunking on bogarus
boing is gtoing to get brutally destroyed by a single call lesser horror cast
untrue i have skeletons
seems likely
bog is fighting back
also two devils
wow 2 devils
he's already got a little bit of chariot production going
and a lot of forts. many skeleton
boing has a bajillion units on my border
well
my former border
lol
im going to try and attack the seventy eight pd
whats my rp path here
if i lose i will be lping it
its enchantment istn it
and it will be very funny
do you already have your make garbage spells
panic maybe
then haunted woods
panic is n2 your dumb idiots can't do it
you get vine arrow and swarm
when you make like 10 a turn and they have 10% n2
yes you can
lol
did you cast moak yet i didn't pay attention
no but i bet he will
next turn
im making the stick now
my rp is actually super bad
panic is a tiny detour so getting it is probably good
on account of that mishap with the skelemans
do you have make wolf garbage to go with make bug garbage
and some conflicts meaning in need more troops
can also pick up lamias up there
lamia queen is blood and death and stuff
yeah
i think enchantment maybe more important
what for
for orbital tree strikes and haunted woods
oh. are your candles actually big enough for haunted wood
dont you want the other thing
uh
everyone next ot me seems rude
whatever spreads candles
wow rude
and theres going to be one billion fucker ass hole mans walking at me
since the coward jon joe is ai
i gave you three provinces for free
you gave me three provinces so you wouldnt have to fight me
same difference
also you have given up so you dont count anymore
no bully
.tagged epic
.tagged epic rp pythium bully
why was my name colour changed actually
i thought it sounded like it should be black
do you want it to not be
no its good i thnk
there should be an extremely online category
for people who never log off
.tag jsoh extremely online
jsoh there will not be a billion fuckers because im going to take a lot of land from the ai
and the billion fuckers will be dead
and then i will be large enough to fight large ragha in combat
!details lanights

oh
its kremath
.tagged slothful
reminder, i still want yeah items!
could a prophetized serpent assassin with a lifelong protection kill a zhayden spahbed you think
got that paralyze smite
.rp
too bad i can't login and partial
i would move all of my stuff to man's border
im the bot guy
hopefully the ai will redirect its agression at you and just die to tall mans and leave me alone to build my tower of books
it can do whatever it wants. the ai is too dumb to mass stuff to make me lose
it will just build random trash which will get hacked to pieces
didnt they rebalance the rp curve in dom5
no
i think it's the same from 4
junk not yeah, fuck you autocorrect
oh ok.
someone should still make a new picture though
no
https://i.imgur.com/ynlmeas.png
nice.
.remember rp https://i.imgur.com/ynlmeas.png
that'll be ¬£30 from your steam wallet please
i don't operate with fake british money
i havent been paying attnetion when are you guys going to sign the deal to self own extremely hard so i can take a vacation to scotland for like three dollars
hopefully before america self owns in some retarded way is all i can say
officially january 2019 but maybe trump makes america great again before then
cooking rats over a campfire in the wreckage of my post apocalyptic home to own the libs
*chuckles to self through mouthful of burned rat* beta cucks
may 2019 i thought
but yes at some point
no thats the conservatives next election slogan
i only occasionally read a blurb about it that makes it sound like its going to be very very bad
although more likely its rees mogg 2018 at this rate
its v bad
twenty wheelbarrows of banknotes to buy a loaf of bread for mp
but we have blue passports so the thumb people are happy
the critical questions are being answered
we have also devised the ultimate diplo strategy
which is when asked a question, to ask it back in a more hostile tone
may is going to have those brussels eurocrats over a barrel mark my words
should ask us for help and we'd make the best deals
btw if you dont know thumb people

i think something like "hey euro faggots do what we want or ill nuke paris or whatever"
they are aware of the thumb person concepts
thumb persons are great
what if a chud was more beetroot shade
that's a thumb
love to turn an angry beet red because someone says they wont nuke the world
hopefully the nhs winter crisis is both the product of and solution to this problem
old angry people are not dying fast enough due to the tireless work of our public servants
it will mostly just result in poors dying if history is a guide
hamstrung by their own kindness, rip
love the dawning realisation on both sides of the aisle that there being no houses means there isn't a group of 30-40 year old tories there used to be
i wonder what happened to them ü§î
love the last affordable housing policy that led to the unveiling of an incredible eight affordable houses where i live
guide price: ¬£295,000 for a three bed on a glorified estate
"ah good... yes..."
sorry i checked and spoke in error
¬£320,000
boomers getting dat home equity and getting richer while the young pay 50%+ of their income on renting a piece of shit apartment hell yeah
or roughly half a million dollars even at current depreciated rates
big news i have now 200 wins as zeus in the dead gay game "dota two" and 60% winrate
gz
that means you played over 200 games of dota. condolences
320 games of dota but hey
333
worth it for those stats
then how can it be 333
but 60% wr
https://puu.sh/zihkx/4eb4f02565.jpg i dont make the rules
are there some data redacted games in there
sorry i am being very very stupid and yes ofc it is 133 not 120
3x 66.6 recurring quintiles there
incredibly bad at math holy shit
the last win of that was a hour+ game where i was in on 96% of my teams kills and i had t osolo burst a luna with a rapier and a satanic from full twice
tfw when you misconstrue 10:6 as 3:2
with 2 people on my team trying to lsoe on purpose
good job
did you do the refresher nimbus thing with the bolt stun talent
no i did the i have a dagon 5 thing
the last mp game we lost with megas because our piece of shit riki had a fail brain and kept spam pinging and screaming autistically instead of being better, which triggered the entire team a lot
i muted him but you could tell he was constantly talking shit all game from the rest of the team's reactions lol
we managed to wipe on a push with aegis cheese and 2 refresher shard
which gave the enemy team the false confidence that they could fight outside of their base
also i asked for tangos as the mid laner so 2 minutes into the game the coureir walked out ot me and dropped a stack of 5 unshared tangos on me from my shadow shaman
lmao
what a champ
:an attempt was made: star
this is ancient level dota two
j bereteon how come you dont be my steam friend and play a dota with me. no body will play a dota with me
even samog, the guy who broke my brain and made  me hooked on dota has uninstalled and will not play dota with me
dota is bad because
samog won dota and dominions
you teammates are always terrible and so are you
your
wow congratulations on having lots of wins with the hero who can instantly kill you from anywhere and wants to farm so that he can instantly kill you from anywhere, twice.
lol this indy spectral mage has astral 5
thank you
i have lots of wins on the hero with the highest pub win rate in the game wow me
i play a lot of necrophos
you mena necrolyte
not my fault he was the jam a few patches ago
did they change necrolytes name
yeah. i think he still says necrolyte if you click him enough
which is confusing
thats
why
does venomancer still say "more like necro-lightweight eeehehheehehehehheehe"
he does
it's pretty fantastic that late stage capitalism is going to end with jsoh still very much alive
thriving.
are horrors like demons
vulnerable to solar/holy stuff
no
no they are magic beings
vulnerable to, uhh, frozen heart
and unraveling, which you should never cast
they have high mr so they are not vulnerable to that
true. that's just t he only magic being spell i know of
btw atlanton what did you spend your design points on in badnations
i cant see a god or a bless or good scales
you'll see damn you
do you have an imprisoned rainbow pretender or something
or did your god die to barbarians
neither
im baffled
i thought gittites were far better than they were
and they're my best non-sacred
they are not bad but my quintuple bless equites are better
but soon the alarm clock will ring
dormant gods are awake now right
not mine fucking bullshit
[11:41 am] jonjoe: dota is bad because
its because they patched it to make it bad
dota was always bad
!details

so say we all
samog install dota
samog install something else
like
uhhh
maybe tyrian i am going to go play that
https://i.imgur.com/4oo1la9.jpg
does <@110869804197351424> play games anymore or did he get a life
which would be extremely fucked up
he just plays dumber games

sick
you could play dota for approximately three hours until they ad another 2 gb of hats
i don't see the problem you have nearly four hundred twenty mb to spare
four hundred and twenty, huh
also i remember when i used to play doters 22
it was terrible fun
`it was terrible`
?rp
!rp
dota gives me pankor sores
.rp
fuck.
3 short
why is there a swastika
half swasrika
that's a five
because it's dominions five now
much like "wonder woman" was the first big-budget, tentpole-style movie wrapped around an iconic, female comic-book character, "black panther" is the first blockbuster-format release featuring a black hero front and center.
<@&389931813528797184> make a channel called ea-sports-a-newbie-game please
if it's too long then rip
how many of the people in that game area ctual newbies
should call it bad players game
instead
most people were in do 5newbiegame which just finished
does that count?
is darkavenger211 around?
dorkavenger
fark avenger
harsh
when's helm eye next streaming, i thoroughly enjoyed watching him grow as a player and want to adopt him as our mascot
hes got a schedule
oh rite
helm's eye master of patience, spelling, empowerment, he who researches begrudingly is a twitch streamer looking to build his audience
wait caelum went ai as well in theodoros
right
i forgot
eeuueugh
theres like 3 players
someone invite helm eye to play in the newbie game
unfortunately for you i didnt get gang banged by 4 people for the entirity of that game so it will be much harder to make me lose
no.! no!!!
why
is it because he would learn
and corrupt his innocence
hes too beautiful
hopefully he learns exclusively through reading max wilson guides on steam forums
on the one hand we don't want to poop touch but on the other what if he never plays dominions again
<@!148098869782118401> my choice of words was very intentional
idk dominions seems fucking perfect for the kind of person who happily assigns dozens of troops individually
master of patience is destined for this
he is so patient
he can't be reasoned with
he can't be bargained with
the words "you do not have enough gems" mean nothing to him
mugs do i have to out you for quoting doctor who
i heard it in a perturbator song
hmmmm
ü§î
god are all of you fuckers english
its from terminators
everyone's a little english
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2ahgxsfv_y
whats the best british band from within my lifetime? if you get it right i will allow you to post foreign emotes
you get 3 tries
stitches
see if i hadn't been fighting rlyeh i'd ask him to dispel those eyes of god
but i have no astral
and no fire either :d
n
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r74p3zpfsn0
what difference would it really make - we know your big now
it annoys me you've got 100% accurate intel on me
!details

nice my guy holding a staff of storms got struck directly by wrathful skies and died instantly
lol
and nobody else in the battle had 2 hand slots open so i just lost the staff
!item rod
<@178868273935417344>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=item&itemq=rod&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
did you have a shock res item on him
or did you just stick the super expensive 2h storm item on and trust the fully deterministic ai to handle the rest
yes
powerful
whatever abysia gave me 120 air gems before he went ai
did you at least win the battle
or did you self own instantly and lose
won
manly less enemy mans than expected
they ded tho
so wrathful skies bascially destroyed my idiot army while witing for him to rout
lol
why did you bring an army with wrathful skies
there was seven hundred ai caleum birbs
there's literally no way to protect yourself from horrible casualties unless you have very high hp things or lots of sr
unfrozen with shock resist
i've had it all game
will at least take time to attrition those. they have okay hp
i only lost ghosts really
who cares you live underwater
and the ghosts where there to stand in front of the mages anyway
ghosts and, a staff of storms, and my prophet
i just made eight hundred dollars reading gbs
https://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3848424
so now my complete waste of time browsing one of the worst forums on the internet has a dollar value above negative however much i've spent on being banned or doing avatars
nice
eh, you can't see through glamour with eyes of god anyways
theres nothing for me rip
no? rolling elf next game
rip
wait
there was somebody with hands
i jsut got owned by rng
fucker game
what a bad feature
can a monolith kill this http://puu.sh/zink6/d2808c424b.jpg
e4 s10 n6
probably. you will need to cast resist lightning
and like, swarm bug
or i guess just howl and sit there like a monolith
does resist lightning stack with elemental fortitude
no it's the same
oh then ill just do fortitude
but air ele do not do that much lightning damage so it should be fine
and monolith will probably kill them somehow
a monolith isnt allowed to regen from strength of gai is it
it is not
<@255835336083636234>
i assume you are teleporting it from a bunch of dom tho so it will have an assload of hp
8 yeah\
it will either win by turn timer or just flat out win eventually
they wll get the 5% s3 random and soul slay you
probably include iron will in its script
the sorc could cast paralyze
resist magic better than iron will
s10
or sure w/e
the sorc has 2s
paralyze would still be fine if its good candles
monolith cant run
hes scripted elemental fortitude earthpwer howl resist magic body ethereal
should be fine
wolves should eventually route the commanders and you win
innate regen doesnt make you die slower of disease does it
this fucking solar serpent has been diseased for at least a year
doesn't regen make you not die from disease
fuck
you just get more and more fucked up forever
you could test easily if you care
just toss a debug mod bvc on something that regen and see if it gets hp loss
isnt the disease affliction check just from getting hit for 10% of your hp over and over
yes
may have some extra checks but i think it's just the hp loss thing
ok no it does give extra checks
and  doenst cause hp los seither
you mean with regen?
yeha
my guys hp never changed
but he lost a eye after 3 months
regen just gets full hp in the heal phase
disease hurts him, is healed
makes sense
that serpent is probably all fucked up by now
yeah
you could wait till it goes feeblemind and assassinate probably
therodos doesnt have assassins
everyone has assassins if you try hard enough
?? use a telkhine to summon a lamia queen with blood and get a heart of being a good assassin
i have a total of 1 blood path
v simple
telkhines do not have nature path
do you have manifestation
except on the heroes
w t f
ok well get the hero
the heroes do not have death path
luckily you have gemmers
i also dont have nature gems
dang this is a real humdinger
don't you have d from something
anything
manifestation is cool and good
yes
use the 1 blood person to make a heart of the damned or w/e anyway
and then give a shademail to a daktyl and brutally destroy someone with spartae summons
this is the easiest plan in history
hmm
you should get the one blood path guy to blood two and make a black heart
ya
im sure you have some fucker stealth thing that could win
if i cast manifestation and then the ashen angel decides to come and kill my telkhine whos holding a ring of wizard and a ring of sorcer in order to be allowed to cast this spell it would be pretty bad
give the telkhine things to prevent that probably
lol if you don't lose your ring of sorc doing an incredibly strategic remote teleport attack vs someone who doesn't script their mages enough so you don't even burn any gems before they die
i could just have the telkhine walk into the province and kill everything if the solar serpent is feebleminded
some of the shit in there has poison res doesn't it
fire snake and clay man
telkhine also have fifteen paths
i mean if you can just cast a magic and blow everyone up that works
i just realzied i have a hekateride scripted to cast foul vapours in the same battle i have a telkhine walking around
im so dum
b
lol
!details

oh jsoh you could forge that acorn necklace for the monolith
with elemental fortitude he's 20sr and lightning will not harm him
also he becomes a lucky rock
what is the problem here is it a solar serp throne
no it's a throne with air wizards in it
they will probably summon some air elementals and stuff
bvc it
maybe shoot a lightning
theres multiple unclaimed thrones
bvc is slow i would rather drop a rock on it and get it over with
literally bvc dangerous mage thrones if you can always
its not exactly dangerous
even if it's "just" for 2 months you can make some of their brains fall out + give some shit battle fright
im waiting for my god to wake up in pankor so i can send an unscripted space ship at a throne and win instantly
lol
a air 1
and 2 air2s
one of which has d3 so shes going ot just make skeletons that my rock doesnt care about
you will probably have 3 or so air elementals poking you that's the only risk
sick the necromancer event chain has started
is ther eany reward for letting him get big or should i just destroy him
doesn't he have a robe of invuln
or was that another guy
also he kills everyone when he pops up in the prov
kills everyone like population or like the guys standing there
the population
sick he can gain crown of despair
so if you wait and let him kill everyone and wait a little more he can generate a d gemgen hat
doesnt he like, rapidly get stronger
yes
and build a castle and shit
the province has like 5 gems in it already
and will get 2 more from his lair
probably let him kill everyone and take his cool house
!details

tfw you do your turn so that you don't have to do your turn.
!details pankor
the bot is down! it  is die
monkee i am sorry to hear you got owned by a genius quarterback sea troll
but also it is very funny
https://twitter.com/_elizabethmay/status/960981584852725762
what is a sea scorpion
i googled it and it is talking about some very long dead extinct thing
monkee can you believe mari didnt name their pg "super marignon galaxy" in pankor
supermarignonation ftw
it is decrepus you can shame him directly
(only fans of gerry adams' puppetry may appreciate, let alone find that name funny at all)
alas
anyway, here's the army graph
!details
this is unacceptable
4th, nice
you'll have to stop building forts eventually
2 ais in year one hell yeah
basically, if you don't have a plan to deal with 300 ethereal units hitting you on every coastal province, you've already lost
income at least isn't a therodos shitshow, the elfs, boars and chinamen are holding their own. but who cares.
abysia's spiteful partisan demonbred are the true spirit of dominions
he is the hero we deserve
i had like 8 assassination attempts this turn
hopefully it will be 4 next turn. hopefully.
huh didn't realize how rich i was
given how expensive my mages and troops are...
cryle, i attacked because i thought you were hiding the graphs because you were winning. i admit that i have been mistaken.
no i was hiding the graphs because fuck you
(he wants to stop fighting you so he can focus on wack-a-mole against my ponymen
i hid the graphs the same reason i invaded abyssia instead of yomi. because i could. because i am dumb as hell. and because i am just strong enough for one of those things to protect me from the other.

so how is the war going with sceleria how can i help i have no idea where he is on the map
!details

the sickle who's crop is stalls
oh man i made my first like 100% boneheaded mistake of the let's play
nice
what game are you lets playing
pankor
rlyeh has rich lands, i'm making bank atm
i guess technically second 100% boneheaded mistake, first mistake was: joining pankor
more forts, more temples
more everything
tell us what you did
jerek i am oyur ally
does theorodos have any s magic at all
nope
just clicked on the wrong commander, so instead of sending the guy with now no army back to the cap to get more dudes, and the prophet with the army to expand into a new province, i sent the commander alone to die and the prophet with the army back to the cap
i have to rely on my godless amounts of freespawn to carry the day i think
the fun part is i have video of myself doing it
how is he not soul slaying every commander you've ever made
you shouldnt be able to move your shit!!! fraud alert!!
that is baby levels of making a stupid lp mistake i'll tell you hwat
he soul slew a bunch of bane lords
the best is declaring war with people for viewer entertainment about 5-10 turns before it would be prudent
i think he gave up mind hunting me because i resisted 9 in a row
you have to think of the fans
i have pre-declared war in my heart, and announced it to the fans
the target does not yet know i exist to the best of my knowledge
<@230792589580697600> hello fiend
observing space battles crashed my game
you might need to download the map files manually
i dont think uhh, the, uhh, snek, uhh, associated spacesky and ringworldsky with panko s othey werent lded
https://twitter.com/jensenclan88/status/961084531758346240
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qvnolmot17gaw54ycqtbnbxlw98cqhed/view
ywa thath one
no
my viewers can eat shit for entertainment.
angel one one shoulder, demonbred on the other, assassinating the angel and telling me its time 2 fuk
ok i'll assume you're warring me
v rude jerek
jerkek
wtfe
lol
yes i plan to invade you from several planets away using my
archers
the maps folder is in like users/data/roaming/dominions 5 for me now
which is a pain but
i did the thing
so you probably also can
thank you friend jerek
the only one who has never betrayed me
i am filial
space looks like an 80s carpet pattern
lol
i look forward to this sight beyond sight
drowning the world in birbs
hey so i want to do an aar for the dom5newbie game
i already have all the screenshots
i just want to know the easiest way of getting all my pics into the post on the forums
just upload them in imgur??
also
spot where my nazcan freespawn army kicked into gear

yeah just upload em all to imgur
now imagine that hair soaking wet
no
an 80s carpet pattern.. in a space themed bowling alley! boom!
the angel on my shoulder is liu bei
the devil is cao cao
!details

??? the angel is sun quan surely
my angel is a hypocrite cannibal
[in very trump but cao cao voice] no angel, no angel
love the sympathetic tale of butchering one's own wife to feed the failed mat seller liu bei
cao cao, to the world, tsunderely, "i-i don't even want to be betrayed by you, b-baka'
sima-chan does it again
there must be a visual novel where you go to high school with three kingdoms characters
if not i am probably sitting on an incredibly stupid but profitable idea
who is the principal hm
so uh, none of the images i used are visible?
!details

like if i [timg]imgur link [/timg] its just a red square
and [img] imgur link [img] has nothing
i think there is a special link you copy off the bb link things or w/e
maybe
just mash ctrl+c and ctrl+v until it works
i did mash copy/paste üò¶
the principle is  the ghost of liu bang, ramc
<@181529528307417090> yeah you need to download the spacesky and ringworld sky on your own. now get off my planetoids.
do not help
just accept your inevitable slide towards death
rockbo your bless is +1 morale
so i posted my aar in the games thread, if someone can help me make the pictures visible that'd be greatly appreciated!
ohhhhhhhhhhhhh wait now i get what the bb link thing is
i'll try that
he has a pet albino python in his office jbreton
hao!
are you writing this down
also isn't dynasty warriors an anime
basically
i have never played it but my impression is that this is what it is
yes
it's an anime where you go around punching the fuck out of things and scything through hundreds of guys
also you chase lu bu a lot
i am sorry but my poor sorcerors
are aging
into the grave
ooooooooooooh
<@358786018087796737> you need to link to the actual image
not just the page
another game full
i keep dithering about too much
i can never decide on a god
and wind up just not joining games
wise
decide on a nation
then take forever to decide on a god
i did üò¶
what
what game full
register a nation slam random upload all done
!list

oh the newbie game
random gods have worked well for me in the past
i cant join that anyway
was very tempted to do ea r'leyh in that
but then took a good long look at all the decisions in my life that lead up to that thought
do not be an underwater nation ever
snek.earth currently appears to be broken as shit so it might be a little time before i can make the game
games that ban them are better games
anyone know who runs the site?
naksu
presumably it got a spike in demand after official dominions discord got told about it
rip
ea rlyeh is chill as fuck
your turns take like 2 minutes. you do nothing
it's great
just some big ol fish people who want to hang out and eat minds
<@&389514684237217796>  i posted the aar in the games thread üòÉ
sorceros deserve to die
they can't even make proper sauce
@here posted my aar of the newbiegame in the  games thread
finally got my images to work
just had to put .jpg after all the images
> . >
why can the bot no longer display diablnumbers name i wonder
<@358786018087796737> sorry i forgot to hang around and actually keep providing any advice after saying "yeah just smash it on imgur"
bbut i see you managed to get it up fine üòÉ
woah there is an official dominions discord
yeah you are in it
is the official dominions discord the one run by algulod
or whatever
yea
ai recruitment dot png

gotta love managing your undead summons as lanka
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/252309528656216065/410947293445881857/whip_me_beat_me.gif playing dominions
<@233383745779007499> where do you get official dfiscord from
.rp
lol
whoops
.rp
no, should be fine
unless there was a second patch
!details
<@160127200803160064>: error: connection refused (os error 111)
i was like 'it is turn 12 why do people think i am going to win bad game'
oh, hm, so it does
<@139772152025972736>
which maybe is not bad nations
i was theo ne talking about bad game
i actually had an assassining event
one of my str cap mages
stabbed to death by a rng generated indie killmans
good game, good game
!details

!details

how about that cap attack in capitalism
rip
half of what i lost was immortal tho
i wonder if my hydra will stay dead long enough, because of the soul slay, that i can make a new immortal
err
a new prophet
soul slay slows reforming?
ya
cool
and laser dog permakills according to someone somewhere
so this is still good for pythiumcoin
does that mean i cant recall my god
no
boo
it means if your god was a vampire it would need recalling
make it so laser dog eating your god
instantly destroys you
the one time my laser dog eats something cool its just a god that can be recalled
messed up
ping
godi n eed turns
oh wait i have a turn i was squirreling away
!list

laser dog is good again awoooo (wolf howl)
if laser dog eats your god he's pretty much guaranteed to get an affliction and dies though
that's pretty bad
oh because it does 999 damage
lol
what if your god has more than 1000 hp
then it's two bites
sorry. will get to that as soon as i'm home
well , the fix to herne didnt deage him
so hes still thirteen thousand years old
excellent
im not going to last until cataclysm
theres 60 mages on my capital and enchanted forests got overwrite by blood vortex
rip
are they going to domkill you
absolutely
*steps off the graduation platform of druid school and is immediately caesared by 10 demonbred*
hmm shikome have 5 prot and i have the prot bless already
so stygian isn't great for them
is abysia being a dick?
i can't even see his lands anymore, aren't you guys sieging them?
do not stygian shikome
w10 is your starting point
pretty sure you have exactly zero chassis that are good for that good luck
carp
carp is not good by any definition of the word
isn't he over two hundred design points
i got rolled by carp bless tc
i am being bullied by abyssia
please destroy him with ten thousand ghosts
does he have anything but his cap left?
i suppose you can't technically siege his cap if every commander you move onto it gets assassinated
ad
he barely has his cap left
actually does yomi get frost father
hes gona get incidentally domkilled by tc, which i take great umbridge at
no
why
they have fuckin snow shoe
frost farker
oh yeah dom
that's about to take a real fun turn
theres no personification of winter , in japan
its abyssias fault. did he really think i wouldnt suicidally ram into a fort being built on a province called 'boar woods'
!details


why the fuck did the bot ping me about this
why the fuck did the bot ping me about this
yeah you want quickness or something really good like that
shikome ownnn
probably because the server restarted
and it counts uploaded as not submitted
i'm pulling like 33d a turn in my game so i can shit them out with abandon
like luck quick or str/weapon quick
either works
i guess with luck quick specifically you would take... the carp
i guess with luck quick specifically you would take... the carp
makes sense
hail carp
hail carp
archbishop fish
archbishop fish
aren't shikome undead enough that luck does not function
aren't shikome undead enough that luck does not function
lol if you dont suicide your carp and starting army into the sea on turn 2
lol if you dont suicide your carp and starting army into the sea on turn 2
no
they are demons
aha
then that's fine
!details

got me all excited
got me all excited
oxium the absolute fucking coward
fighjt me!!!
fighjt me!!!
<@289305103704391681>
i propose an anti <@289305103704391681> alliance!!
i propose an anti <@289305103704391681> alliance!!
hmmm. that isn't something i took into account. that would have been prudent.
hmmm. that isn't something i took into account. that would have been prudent.
`stat fixes and tweaks
` my favourite patch note
also: how are you supposed to bless mass shiki with only lvl 1 priests
also: how are you supposed to bless mass shiki with only lvl 1 priests
do you only use shiki with your pretender or prophet?
its literally the woods, where boars are kept.
you get h2 from events
you get h2 from events
or large tengu
lol
lol
but yeah it sucks dude
but yeah it sucks dude
build a lot of indie priests ya
your god, your prophet
that's the annoying part but tbh mass indie priests works well enough
and you get 200g temples so you can afford to plop them on provinces
new turn new tur nnewturn
mekone
mekone
well, "afford"
well, "afford"
!list

fucked up
playing vanilla yomi is an exercise in being broke
but what if... i were to increase the gold value of each province by 400 percent
but what if... i were to increase the gold value of each province by 400 percent
why samog are you talking about a mo money game???
why samog are you talking about a mo money game???
<:wow:372896749716504588>
<:wow:372896749716504588>
what in the world\
what in the world\
i am being attacked by random iceclads and stuff
i am being attacked by random iceclads and stuff
i had to double check caelum was not ai
i had to double check caelum was not ai
maybe he just wants to get rid of htem?
maybe he just wants to get rid of htem?
gonna attack heat two utgard with fragile low damage ice prot units ü§î
gonna attack heat two utgard with fragile low damage ice prot units ü§î
:fear:
:fear:
sorry. no room for fear had to fit the numerous civ4 icons
sorry. no room for fear had to fit the numerous civ4 icons
jsoh - today at 3:57 pm
theres no personification of winter , in japan
jsoh - today at 3:57 pm
theres no personification of winter , in japan
the expression "winter shogun" (fuyu-shogun) is used in weather reports during the winter period. it alludes to the personification of a harsh winter, indicating a cold air mass from siberia that moves periodically south.
the expression "winter shogun" (fuyu-shogun) is used in weather reports during the winter period. it alludes to the personification of a harsh winter, indicating a cold air mass from siberia that moves periodically south.
that was sarcasm
that was sarcasm
didn't thye have forst dad in dom4
didn't thye have forst dad in dom4
yes
yes
what the fuck
what the fuck
so it was specifically removed
so it was specifically removed
give them winter shogun instead
give them winter shogun instead
frost father was removed becasue zonk or some fucker  said they shouldnt have it
frost father was removed becasue zonk or some fucker  said they shouldnt have it
clearly what they need instead of a frost father is a "winter shogun" who is more expensive and has 9 hp
clearly what they need instead of a frost father is a "winter shogun" who is more expensive and has 9 hp
lol
lol
then amuys will have it renamed to fuyu shogun
then amuys will have it renamed to fuyu shogun
i'm open to name changes
i'm open to name changes
as long as it's on theme
as long as it's on theme
9hp and higher cost is not negotiable
9hp and higher cost is not negotiable
yes, that is on theme
yes, that is on theme
just <@159883716758470656>  and <@137038752370524161>
just <@159883716758470656>  and <@137038752370524161>
and you're both online
and you're both online
shit i thought i had mine in
shit i thought i had mine in
did it offline and forgot to upload
did it offline and forgot to upload
i'm also online always
i'm also online always
!deatails
!deatails
!details
been at work, turn taking now
been at work, turn taking now
 zonk or some fucker  said they shouldnt have it

lol. lol. lol
lol. lol. lol
well i guess not lol at the second line
well i guess not lol at the second line
lol.        lol.
lol.        lol.
kongming's contribution is crucial for the setup
kongming's contribution is crucial for the setup
tis
<@137038752370524161> you aren't moving toward oceania, i'm disappointed
<@137038752370524161> you aren't moving toward oceania, i'm disappointed
and <@264039348494794754> isn't moving toward you
and <@264039348494794754> isn't moving toward you
dont mind me
dont mind me
mekone
mekone
im just out for a stroll to see the birbs
im just out for a stroll to see the birbs
sounds like a water conspiracy is afoot
sounds like a water conspiracy is afoot
don't tell me you're in on this as well
don't tell me you're in on this as well
what the fuck is scleria(?) doing on my moon
what the fuck is scleria(?) doing on my moon
incoming throne of beasts claim get fucke dshitlords
incoming throne of beasts claim get fucke dshitlords
someone claim gaia
what's that do again, wolf attacks or some shit?
what's that do again, wolf attacks or some shit?
yes
yes
everywhere
everywhere
are wolves still good at pulling down castles
are wolves still good at pulling down castles
do we even geta warning in game, aside from what you're saying?
or only at patrolling now
or only at patrolling now
they can pull down castles fine not defend
they can pull down castles fine not defend
okay cool i will probably make some then
okay cool i will probably make some then
lol if you arent a buffalo nation
lol if you arent a buffalo nation
i can make buffalos, but they seem more expensive
i can make buffalos, but they seem more expensive
yea but they also fuckin own
yea but they also fuckin own
buffalos are assholse
buffalos are assholse
you have to scale it for it to be good
you have to scale it for it to be good
monkee i am being double teamed
monkee i am being double teamed
extremely rude
extremely rude
my spaceship has arrived at dock
my spaceship has arrived at dock
it must claim throne of beasts, because i lost my prophet to cunning sea trolls
which is pretty fucked up
you could just wait like 5 months
you could just wait like 5 months
i could but i want throne of beasts to fuck up forts that are going up all over the world
i could but i want throne of beasts to fuck up forts that are going up all over the world
because, i am an asshole
because, i am an asshole
cant fuck up any forts if you dont build any forts
cant fuck up any forts if you dont build any forts
*smiles greekishly*
*smiles greekishly*
good news i got a void monster
good news i got a void monster
one (1) thing of many eyes
one (1) thing of many eyes
a unit which is defeated by a markata
damn void gate is so good
damn void gate is so good
actually the markata would have trouble due to 16 prot and being weakened wouldnt it
eventually it would tire, and the thing would triumph
eventually it would tire, and the thing would triumph
could mod r'lyeh another site that also has enter the void
could mod r'lyeh another site that also has enter the void
for double the fun
yeah it's good so far i have spent like 4 mage turns with a 200g thing and gotten insanity seven and a very bad unit
yeah it's good so far i have spent like 4 mage turns with a 200g thing and gotten insanity seven and a very bad unit
a spell to make a void gate for like 30 pearls would be funny
a spell to make a void gate for like 30 pearls would be funny
oh shit, i forgot you could do that
oh shit, i forgot you could do that
could call it "tear space & time a new one"
https://i.imgur.com/yfs0gwc.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/yfs0gwc.jpg
<@!169456837236621312>  https://i.imgur.com/v1vytjs.jpg
<@!169456837236621312>  https://i.imgur.com/v1vytjs.jpg
!details
!details


hopefully bringing some wolves to berry pickers near u
hopefully bringing some wolves to berry pickers near u
7 points!!!! https://i.imgur.com/j6tws1g.png
7 points!!!! https://i.imgur.com/j6tws1g.png
absolute madman
absolute madman
i want those 7 points so badly
1 dom is 8 oints isnt it
1 dom is 8 oints isnt it
4 is minimum
4 is minimum
and i can't get it any less on any other pretender
and i can't get it any less on any other pretender
yeah i know
yeah i know
so you cant get dom 5
so you cant get dom 5
because you would be -1
he's at -7
he's at -7
no it's at -7 points and i wish there was something i could do to make it actually work
yeah lol
yeah lol
oh
oh
ooooh
ooooh
why that bless sucks
why that bless sucks
i thought it looked neat
i thought it looked neat
you could go... dormant
you could go... dormant
does the luck/reflect synergy still work
does the luck/reflect synergy still work
as in, you deal damage to something with luck and reflect, you take the reflect damage but the thing lucks out and still lives
as in, you deal damage to something with luck and reflect, you take the reflect damage but the thing lucks out and still lives
here you can look at my scraps http://www.furaffinity.net/scraps/kremath/
here you can look at my scraps http://www.furaffinity.net/scraps/kremath/
it's very oollld
it's very oollld
woopsie
woopsie
mekone
mekone
i dont know. the other ways to negate damage stopped working with bv
i dont know. the other ways to negate damage stopped working with bv
pretty easy to test though
pretty easy to test though
bv has sanity check
bv has sanity check
boo
boo
negated hits do not reverse
negated hits do not reverse
boooo


or. or
or. or
this game
this game
carp is so fucking good
carp is so fucking good
i lost to 11 mermen with 11 bakemono helping
i want it to be good that the carp can eat people
i want it to be good that the carp can eat people
he can grab and swallow anyone smaller than him right
he can grab and swallow anyone smaller than him right
melqart is size five
melqart is size five
idk maybe
idk maybe
i guess carp just reads books about how to summon shikome
is there a way to save a sp game under a different name?
is there a way to save a sp game under a different name?
without manually copying the save file?
yeah just have him stand in your cpaital killing population all game
yeah just have him stand in your cpaital killing population all game
seems like te play
seems like te play
agreed
agreed
killing your death 3 population
killing your death 3 population
he only has 10 popkill it doesn't matter
if its gunna read books the whole game just take a fucking monument
if you already have death 3
if you already have death 3
err not monument
oracle
oracle
except yomi doesnt get oracle doe they
except yomi doesnt get oracle doe they
he can do stuff later
he can do stuff later
probably not
how do i get my computer to understand that theres only one drive with a operating system on it when i boot up
how do i get my computer to understand that theres only one drive with a operating system on it when i boot up
so it doesnt ask me every time which one to load
how long does it take for death 3 scales to kill all the pop in your cap
if you dont otherwise have domkill
it's a percentage and it takes a very long time
it's a percentage and it takes a very long time
technically it should take infinite time
technically it should take infinite time
i think
unless killing less than one percent of the last guy rounds to killing all of him
unless killing less than one percent of the last guy rounds to killing all of him
https://twitter.com/saintsluggo/status/961765910091530240/photo/1
https://twitter.com/saintsluggo/status/961765910091530240/photo/1
agreed
thunder weapons don't even work on shikome...
thunder weapons don't even work on shikome...
who wants blitz
who wants blitz
the celestial virgin: carefully crops and uploads graphs for all to see
the celestial virgin: carefully crops and uploads graphs for all to see
the chad swine: does not look at graphs despite casting eyes of god first
the chad swine: does not look at graphs despite casting eyes of god first
shit kome
shit kome
shikira
shikira
they do
they do
i can't connect to the server.
i can't connect to the server.
how much detotated wam do i need
how much detotated wam do i need
!details implaying
!details implaying
<@183653899780096000>: error: could not find the game with alias implaying
<@183653899780096000>: error: could not find the game with alias implaying
!details therodos
<@183653899780096000>: error: could not find the game with alias therodos
<@183653899780096000>: error: could not find the game with alias therodos
!details theodoros
!details theodoros


nvm i got it
nvm i got it
!details


u did it
u did it
oh my god im hinnom this is a nightmare
oh my god im hinnom this is a nightmare
!details
!details


i think ea machaka is my favorite nation so far
i think ea machaka is my favorite nation so far
it is unsurpassed for being a stupid piece of shit
it is unsurpassed for being a stupid piece of shit
lol
lol
heres my idea for ma machaka buff: they already have a discount for bane blades, so extend that to bane venom charm. thats it. they still are shit and die but at least they get a lot of bane venom charms.
heres my idea for ma machaka buff: they already have a discount for bane blades, so extend that to bane venom charm. thats it. they still are shit and die but at least they get a lot of bane venom charms.
is it documented anywhere what nations get discounts on which items
is it documented anywhere what nations get discounts on which items
and friendly population for pd
and friendly population for pd
stuff like that
stuff like that
it sort of is on the mod inspector
it sort of is on the mod inspector
i'm assuming hte answer is <:illwinter:372894192894214176>
i'm assuming hte answer is <:illwinter:372894192894214176>
if you look at an item you can see who gets a discount, but i dont think you can find out all the discounts for one nation
if you look at an item you can see who gets a discount, but i dont think you can find out all the discounts for one nation
ahhhh
ahhhh
what does the banefire crossbow discount do
what does the banefire crossbow discount do
that claims to have a 20% discount
that claims to have a 20% discount
the answer is always <:illwinter:372894192894214176>
the answer is always <:illwinter:372894192894214176>
for something
for something
it costs uhh, what, 10 gems to make?
5
5
it would make it cost 4 gems instead i think
it would make it cost 4 gems instead i think
so amulet of giants costs 4 gems?
so amulet of giants costs 4 gems?
i dont think costdiscountamount means anything
i dont think costdiscountamount means anything
then what is it for??????
then what is it for??????
<:illwinter:372894192894214176>
<:illwinter:372894192894214176>
üëª it is a mystery
üëª it is a mystery
hinnom is funny as fuck to play tho
hinnom is funny as fuck to play tho
you have a good expansion then lose your first war with another player, the best kind of dominions play
you have a good expansion then lose your first war with another player, the best kind of dominions play
that fucken ghost looks like paul mccrane's death scene in robocop
that fucken ghost looks like paul mccrane's death scene in robocop
stomping on indies and then getting ejected from the game is definitely the best dominions experience possible
stomping on indies and then getting ejected from the game is definitely the best dominions experience possible
\üëªüëª\üëª
\üëªüëª\üëª
it's how i play every game
it's how i play every game
i recommend it bigly
i recommend it bigly
a 3 gem discount on something that requires 2 paths of gems
a 3 gem discount on something that requires 2 paths of gems
is doubled, right
is doubled, right
i think im approaching that point in bad
i think im approaching that point in bad
probably not
probably not
so 5/5 would be 2/2
so 5/5 would be 2/2
not from a hammer
not from a hammer
if that's what you're asking
if that's what you're asking
or a smith
or a smith
instead it's gonna be like 4/3
instead it's gonna be like 4/3
oh for some reason i thought it was just discoutned off the first path
oh for some reason i thought it was just discoutned off the first path
!details
!details


not from my ulm experience, though i can't tell you how it picks which path costs more
not from my ulm experience, though i can't tell you how it picks which path costs more
well in my with an implementor axe it always discounted death instead of earth
well in my with an implementor axe it always discounted death instead of earth
so maybe it just chooses the one that would be most shitty for you
so maybe it just chooses the one that would be most shitty for you
maybe the one that is later in their weird spell path alphabest
maybe the one that is later in their weird spell path alphabest
*alphabet
*alphabet
d comes after e of course
d comes after e of course
caelum is not dead yet
caelum is not dead yet
i think therodos is talking about taking advantage of their clear dom lead. based on their research graph i'm thinking we're about to see a vengeful waters. hope you all don't have research forts in therodos dominion.
i think therodos is talking about taking advantage of their clear dom lead. based on their research graph i'm thinking we're about to see a vengeful waters. hope you all don't have research forts in therodos dominion.
also, i'm having to do a samog this turn, since someone have paid tens of thousands to erect a stone spite monument against me irl, and i've got to start doing stuff about it.
also, i'm having to do a samog this turn, since someone have paid tens of thousands to erect a stone spite monument against me irl, and i've got to start doing stuff about it.
*looks sidelong at tir na nog*
*looks sidelong at tir na nog*
it's probably the wealthy lunatic that hates me because of what the fairies said
it's probably the wealthy lunatic that hates me because of what the fairies said
vanheim can also experience the joy of having glamorous troops meeting spirit sighted elementals
vanheim can also experience the joy of having glamorous troops meeting spirit sighted elementals
#nomoreelves
although this would be a next level dom5 strat.
although this would be a next level dom5 strat.
!details
!details


used to be the case it discounts one from each
used to be the case it discounts one from each
and on unequal fractions i think prefers the primary path but i'm not 100% on that
and on unequal fractions i think prefers the primary path but i'm not 100% on that
vengeful waters would be nice
maybe a wild hunt
the crusade continues
why not both?
``carefully crops and uploads graphs``
bitch get a screen capturing program
fuckass print screen buttong using motherfuckers in 2018
!details

!help
<@160127200803160064>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !start <address:port> [<alias>]: register a started server for a lobby game
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
<@218916773175623681> i think you were host but i can't remember
anyway all the pretenders are in
https://media.giphy.com/media/l3ditrt8xbjs4j02s/giphy.gif
anything is possible... at mekone
the sky is the limit... at mekone
welcome... to mekone
it seems like sentinels are much better than "bigget sentinels" am i wrong
```you can mekone any time you like,
but you can, never leave!```
3 gems to get 1 with 25 hp 16 strength and they fit 2 a square vs 12 gems to get 1 75 hp 22 strength 1 a square
it's a valid point.  the bigger ones suffer from afflictions a bit less and the minor benefits of being bigger.  eventually that line of spells does end in " just make a shitload of sentinels "
big one can live thru an damage better but yes
did you... just seduce one of my slow to recruit mages.  god*damn*

good thing everyone involved, including the researcher, was deaf?
yeah sadly the host stilll has to manually do server stuff on snek
although i've been speaking to naksu about it
might want a !claim or the like command so that hosts can associate themselves with the game details
so that players don't need to try and fish for who the host was, especially when the host might have been knocked out
lobbies already have that info
just doesn't display it!
!details

bam#
<@!160127200803160064>
!details

noice
yes
bandar log has that, and so much more, to look forward to lol
it's not possible to do if you just add an existing server, but whatever
http://s7.zetaboards.com/dom3mods/topic/1274038/1/
the 100 undocumented new pretenders meme.
i didn't realize this game was a cataclysm game.  8|
hey monkee they fixed mekone
by making the giants not leadable by humans anymore
those extra pretenders are pretty cool
nation now balanced + quality
there's an chaos god that gets a body change every time it gets xp
i think that's rlyeh
it's mobile at max size and is basically a vastness on crack
oh fuck
did the cataclysm start? <:mark:372896569747439616>
https://i.imgur.com/bwfbi10.gif
!turns
!details

i am being trolled
jbrereton - today at 12:40 pm
ok but there are numerous sources of an damage that have an aoe with a size of 1 or above which will terminate 25 hp x 4 at the same rate or faster than 75hp x 1, not even considering mage turns
get this: make the small ones but put them in skirmish formation
the 100 undocumented new pretenders meme.
i need a hecatoncheires pretender
plenty o'time to take the ol' turn.
!details

!details
<@303193134026981389>: error: could not find the game with alias chat
plase wat is server numer
!list

<@303193134026981389>
aww <@255835336083636234> disabled our ability to spam chat with bot
or wait no you just didn't qualify with name
if you did i assume it would allow the spam
!details lanights

slothful.
good news! i've nipped back home to upload my turn, and it turns out granite will probably best be shattered by a sledgehammer.
!details

i forget, if a sneaky scout retreats from being patrolled out, do they die
since they have nowhere to retreat to
yes
yes
n-no!
!details

what's the spread on dormant waking up?
because it's like early summer and this fucker is still passed out
1d6 i think
actually its probably drn because lol why not
i think it's just a d6
no exploding, though that would indeed be pretty funny
well it can roll negative cant it
i dont know
pg can show up early i thought
lol wtf https://puu.sh/zk81w/578cf5710e.jpg
what the fuck is that
a slave collar hero?
ya
ok im testing rn i got 3 gods on turn 13
out of 12
well, 11
someone started next ot mekone and got domkilledl ol
haha
then 7 got gods on turn 14
and the last got god on 15
seems like it cant roll early so likely 1d6
maybe influenced by luck
a very powerful hero
there should be a spell that can remove all cursed items from a commander
there is
twice born
transform
i had a skratti lose his shroud üò¶
shapeshifting around
does dog form of skratti have regen
it does innit
yeah
free bvc carrier
10% innate
easy
fucking great with a regen shroud
i just imagine a scout traipsing around the countryside with his dog
scout laden up with magic items
then they hear a battle and the scout starts putting it all on the dog before legging it
i raided c'tis' cap and killed 1380 people and stole 69 gold
couldn't they have killed 108 more people
er, abysia's
bvc is broke no one needs to carry it
still kills population
do bodyguards even help against seduction?
https://i.imgur.com/en7aykz.png
that's willus on the hill
fatlantis
ha ha ha ha owned. owned. oh my goodness.
they help against the assassination
!details

they added two champions items
and also broke wish for death match
lmao illwinter
a "headband" and a medal
the headband is a crown
the medal lets you see in the dark
omg decrepus
the people's death match is scheduled in the arena. spellcasting is not allowed and all participants will get to borrow a slave collar to ensure they do not perform magic or run away. as this is the game for the common people, pretender god and disciples are not allowed to compete. any pretender breaking the rules will get to keep the slave collar. the event will take place on the astral plane and the participants must leave now to get there in time. in addition to all the fame, the winner of the game will receive a powerful magic artifact. each pretender god may send one champion and all old arena champions must try to defend their title, defying the rules if necessary. may the people's champion win!
what
event 3243
cryle - today at 1:45 am
what the fuck is scleria(?) doing on my moon
pfft, your moon
skeleton moon now, biatch
is it random or triggered by something
common global
is that a real event
yes
that is absolutely ftw
totally undocumented
ofc
people's deathmatch ftw
now you just need to be able to trigger the fucking thing
oh that's easy
they broke wishing for deathmatch
effect 10042 bing bong very simple
give the event an id job's a good 'un
need fucking #selectevent
i could set it to fire every late winter
powerful magical artifact: champion's sword
who cares boing
they are all bad
the point is it's the people's deathmatch
it owns!
i am updating arena mod when i get home
what does arena mod do
and i will include an event that fires it every late winter, if i can make it work
https://www.dropbox.com/s/klfrh5mdn1ddo4d/arenamod.zip?dl=0 it makes the items not suck
and give gold
champions purse
i think it's 150g apiece
but i would totally set the people's deathmatch
!details

ewwwwwwwwwwwiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeee
can someone test and fire the peoples deathmatch
and see if it even works
sure gimme a sec
lol i forgot i didn't finish this
i hope nothing bad happened
i hope i didn't die
sauro got tired of chasing elves around and sent everything at me
hmm i lost like 4 (not slow to recruit) cap mages this turn
not the best
at least two of which would not have died if i had remembered to finish the turn
the other two retreated into enemy territory despite having retreat provs
or i guess only retreat prov, singular
so i guess that one is on them as much as me
but they might have won with a better script i guess
i'm trying to workshop how to fire this event
can you just make a mod spell that fires it
need to add something to tchampions medal
it's a real piece of shit
i guess if you have no other champ items it's fine
but they all give the same bonuses
<@96715337440952320> i have only been recruiting assassins all game, and i have a lot more of them than you have commanders with your invading force. maybe reconsider?
ok but also all your troops or at least a lot of them just died
sure
so i'm not terribly concerned
okay
and your cap pd is piss easy to kill
lmao pythiums already dead
probably!
howd that happen
it's
!details pankor

i assume nazca domkilled
wow it doesnt tell me who they are
so yeah, nazca is gonna be real fun to fight with double cap on turn four teen
they are real far away from me i hope
the nazca player is bad luckily
didn't he put w10 and something something on them
either some str or a weapon
or w10 luck and str/weapon
nrw turn new them
monkee you can't because it doesn't have an id and you can't use 10042 to fire events without an id
however rob usefully discovered that all arena events are linked by code -199 so i am trying to see if i can fire them this way
so my gold mine fort changed from 200 to 253
when a palisade finished
lol
that is one of the few times it's worth actually upgrading to the last for tier even without com point bonus
so thats what
26.5% bonus
it should be half of admin value
half of admin
+ agartha cave lol
seems like its exactly as predicted. and additive
i attacked abysia
sadly ive lost the iron mine so i have much less resources in my capital
im not going to win
ys is on the other side of this water moon
should i attack ys, and also should i lab this water moon for amber clans
ooh, we action happening guys
bandar man eater vs marignon
the nazca / pyth double cap is on big righthand planet on the far right
ys has no glamor right
ys has glamour
i mean
on its morgens
non sneaky
on troops right
what number jerek
not on troops
just on their a3 sorc
i dunno i don't want to open this turn until i lp it
but like
there's an island offshore
near there
you should definitely lab amber clan
!details

that's w2, and there's lots of ocean
well, just found the throne of the moon
it conencts to ocean too
also you could attack ys and win in the ocean because lmao ys uw
on a moon
hell yeah
beast throne coming up this turn
ys has a land fort lol
next to abysia?? ?
i wonder why tf this global event has fired 6 times
lmao
he peaced out with abysia
i assume
some cowardly nap
or maybe abysia is just letting him build a fort so he can have a free fort idk
ok feelings wrt changing the slave collar in the arena mod to also act as a holy water bottle and making it unforgable, and then adding a copied slave collar which is forgeable at b1 constr 0?
so slave collar auto blesses?
idk if abysia comes in here or not
<@159883716758470656> hi i am walking through you to get to the ocean
it is v rude but you know easier to ask forgiveness than permission
extremely rude
just don't pd it and we'll call it even though
ok
is there anyone in that ocean btw
not on that planet, but the teleporter in it leads to ys
well, it's mine now and if ys goes there i will take it
i am the owner/operator of the water on ice planet
am mildly worried about you bordering me seeing as you were rabble-rousing against me earlier iirc
of course i was
i have in fact done so for all of my immediate neighbors except for one
however you have an azi which can defeat a space ship in single combat in your candles so i don't want to actually fight you
well you'll find that i'm actually an incredibly friendly neighbor, despite the propaganda against me
my intentions were made clear.

azi complicates things and makes hurting him hard. where is vanheim i can troll him easier
from last sunday
they were "get everyone else to fight so they don't fight me"
i'm not actually sure
where vanheim is
i do
https://gfycat.com/colorlessfoolhardyamericanindianhorse
i border him actually
the threat of bullying is real
oh, you meant 'whereas'
oh oh
that's the message from last sunday
i am v smart
based on what i see and the hesitancy of your neighbors to attack you can win this game if you can hold your position
since your neighbors are 1) water nation that breathes fire and cannot hurt you and 2) water nation that will get fuckin wrecked by azi
extremely very unlikely
and idk some other coward
just get your blood up
lab indie wizards you find
make lantern, bring cataclysm twenty five turns early and win
slave collar has a niche and that niche is to be the most spiteful play possible in the entire game
it also makes assassins extremely patient
when you are retarded hiding in a closet for thirty hours without moving at all is easy
an unexpected event has occured in vepitre.

a bale of hay came loose and rolled down a hill. people are very unhappy about this.

population -1, unrest +1.
monkee yes exactly
but only the arena specific one
because i'm sure it's targetted at item 269 (nice)
hoburg event idea: sometimes the cheddar rolls them
tfw you try to leap seven feet into the air
aarrrgh
wish they had not made this event system a piece of shit to mod
<@110869804197351424> please decide which emote to get rid of so we can have a donair emoji https://www.mindsea.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/halimoji-examples-1024x320.png
does anyone use <:gifts:372897039324807168>
idk
oh
<:coin:372899389489938433>
ok u were right https://puu.sh/zkezv/add8c8fcf1.jpg lmao
its part of the sheriff of hehe
so it cant be removed
funny enough the ai is smart enough to move troops by putting them on magisters arcane
ya
goodbread obviously cannot be removed.
there is gold, commerce, and also the coin
i think the coin can maybe go
the balance must be preserved
maybe <:espionage:373227653047517202> since nobody has ever used it
the ai also owned me by moving its army to attack the province jonjoe suicided all of his wizards on
and cutting off like 4 provinces from income
and taking a lab
im defeated
if it deletes the lab i will concede that dominions ai is much better in 5
how much pd do i need to make it not attack me with 20 longspears and a magister arcane
what if you want to react to something with money emotes three times jbrereton
also i just got 30 milites by event lmao
ok. i will remove <:espionage:373227653047517202>
it is done.
ok please add the donair
i am still so pissed that my cap raiders were 108 kills short of a 1488 kills 69 stolen gold screenshot
top tip: photo manupulate it to be funnier thing
<:donair:411625750018523147>
<@282646158218756116> <:donair:411625750018523147>
sickk
<:donair:411625750018523147> <:food:373227653286723584> <:goodbread:372905342822252555> <:hat:372893620975566848>
<:donair:411625750018523147> <:food:373227653286723584> <:hat:372893620975566848>
<:donair:411625750018523147> <:hat:372893620975566848>
<:donair:411625750018523147><:hat:372893620975566848>
<:hat:372893620975566848>
<:unhealth:373227653567610880>
<:head:403422448760127489>
lol
this guy had a gnome in his army, and when i said there's a gnome in the army, i made a stock photo of a gnome briefly fade into and then immediately out of the corner of the video. this is the funniest thing i've ever done.
lol.
lmao
the sar-o-martia instead of sore-o-m√§shu meme
err magic
what are  talking about
are you
i am watching itsmu's elite dominions content and he says "sauromatia" somewhat different to my ignorant opinion of how to say it
jsoh are you a comitatense believer now
sarohmashia
i need to play ur at some point just so i can pronounce it as "your" constantly.
your yoo kay the ma nation
ea your
i know its pronounced like mashed potatoes
but i sitll say it sauro mat ee ya
ea your. it's in the game.
isn't that the one where you had the god with the perfect epithet
ye.
no one will ever match lord of patience for top epithet
lmao.
omg
are epithets moddable
"daddy is sorry he ran over fido, god of untimely death" is pretty fucking good
sadly no
mu my condolences on getting 2 dom in your capital
ftw.
oh and no alt 1
fucked up
christ
link the fuckin video!!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3fgnyv9o8q
you said your name wrong
its pronounced moo
holy moley oiorpata are cheaper in dom 5
they are cav ofc they are cheaper
they are so good with tats lol
didnt fucking zhayden get cheaper
skeleeetal
probably slightly
probably -5
does disease resistance 100 mean you dont die to plague
also you got it worng how unsrroundable works i think
unsurroundable is the number of attacsk you get to ignore
so if ur dog fought another dog he would get defence penalties after the first 6 attacks
nice.
p sure harrassed is down to # of units not attacks directly in dom 5
maybe im wrong tho
can't wait to get 10 comments about it.
oh
hopefulyl someone sends me comments since im wrong
seems pretty easy to test just sick 2 dogs on eachother
that's how they said it works
however, <:illwinter:372894192894214176>
which game is this
<#402573881145294848>
the yomi silt game right
yes
if you got a ping just then, apologies
if you got a ping shame on you for using game channels tbh
if they got a ping then it's their own fucking fault for not muting all pings
!details

holy shiot an armour of souls
that is quite a thing to obtain
o i forgot about that.
armor of souls is fucking amazing

i have it on father illearth
he is thirty six mr
hilariously, in spite of this, i still got -20 income
how do you properly pronounce oiorpata
hell if i know
i wanna say it should be a w sound
fuicking bravo boing
lmao.
"oi! orpa'a"
wiropata
haha
the only thing wrong with the bot there was it was too fast i think
the bot did absolutely perfect imo
mu i am a bit triggered by you not obtaining obscuro the hidden mage but overall you are doing well üëç
we discussed how it could be poor for morale if the robot instantly does it every time
nice.
lmao you salvaged armor of souls on turn three
tagging a channel with # does not ping
anyone
and other people are not captable
armor of souls on turn 3 , misfortune 3
seems good
mis3 gave +10 income 5pd because illwinter broke luck
oh dang i forgot to move that text in the video after i redid the intro.
oh
you didnt get it by event you got it from
i see
ye.
thats insane
<@96715337440952320> did you figure out a way to fire the peoples deathmatch
not yet
have you considered hitting end turn hundreds of times
tried setting the code in all provinces with an arena to -199 but it isn't automatically triggering the event
(and the mod also adds an arena to everyone's cap)
can you not make a spell to point to event 3243
no
<:donair:411625750018523147>
because you can only point to events with an id
or what it calls on mod inspector "eff_id"
ugh they need to fucking add #selectevent illwinterrrrrr
ikr
supernova brain: they need to remove events entirely
go home samog you're drunk
im right
they need to make event modding better than the halfassed implementation that exists
samog have you tried the #removeoldevents mod which is simply to put that down with a modname and "end" to delete all events from the game
we have another 2 years or so.
i have not
that sounds good
i like events
events would be better if you could edit them
and make them less dumb and bind them to scales better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxqwx1eold8
really bad things shouldn't fire under luck and vice versa
does factorio have nuke trains yet
like nuclear powered train
or trains with icbms
i was thinking the second but the first sounds good too
its crazy how few ervents are bound to scales
elon musk presents: fissionloop
or how many events are like "this will fire at random, but also 1.5 times more often if you have this bad scale"
great. a 50% increase. nobody can detect that!!!
there are artillery trains in experimental
which are pretty fucking strong. you drive around and it just blows up biters everywhere
and for nuclear powered ones https://mods.factorio.com/mods/gotlag/nuclear%20locomotives
good grief im tired
the events are tied to the wrong scales a lot of the time
just tied to order or turmoil or w/e and pretend events: the scale doesn't exist
which is fine for the mundane stuff, but not for "cap sieged in year 0 lol"
cap sieged by unroutable hundred hp commanders
x4, lol
the ai cleared it fyi
lol
gj ai presumably it just attacked with everything inside the fort which i would have done but preferred to go ai instead of doing
.tag nuclear monkee accelerationist
events would be better if they punished you even more for trying to play the game
the powerful "doesnt play the game" lobby has spoken
does willus own dominions five
isn't there an option to check cataclysm now
ah yeah, 2 years
guess everyone should hurry up
though with 13 ascencion points needed.... ehhhh
<@230792589580697600> it is bl and asphodel
?
love to get events.
deranged sex murderer
bandar log attacked marignon and won
thus says the battle report
lol <@!169456837236621312>  your avatar owns
oh or are both attacking you
rocky i will get back to you
yeah
well, i will endeavour to remain protected by the 80 pale rider pd province
lol
are you on that planet or did you expand there
nah i'm on the moon
all the moons
new turn new turn new turn
i am not a photoshop wizard
üò¶
noice
i was so close to the perfect screenshot
monkee i am now pillaging the caps of two different civs with flybirbs
<@214468489698607105> what were your amazing wacrime plans
oh i was just looking forward to trying out communions against sceleria's 1000+ doomstacks
marshmaster communions
i was ctis
and i'd finally tamed the rogue ai jotunheim that had been attacking me for like 20 turns
eh 50 turns was maybe a bit early nut the game was pretty much over anyway
it was turn 40 at first btw
jsoh did you see my thug scout in lanights
no
how does hitting glamor dudes to break glamor work, do you have to do damage? i figured it would be enough to shoot some arrows at their shields but maybe not
rip pythium
you hit to illusions i think
and that disappears them
in any case like, a small crowd of markata shooting short bow arrows doesn't seem to rapidly decrease the amount of glamers a group of fomorian infantry has
!details

doing a let's play where i talk about mechanics is encouraging me to ask questions about things i used to understand but have forgotten


not very impressive resulst yet
but i like him
28 prot lol
i just threw items from the events on him
how does that magic t-shirt get him to 28 wtf
heh
oh iron helmet
!details

!list

i do own.
we're back up by the way. i forgot to mention though i think people figured it out
nice
did any of them figure out that patrolling exists yet
one is an ai i think
!details üçÜ

.tag mugsbaloney üçÜ lover
lmao
fucking wrecked boing
sir scout owns
how much gold in that province
my attempt at a d2 was rebuffed by rng this turn
will let u know next turn
you will have 2 chances next turn probably
good luck
also reminder to everyone in this game, we're 17 turns away from cataclysm
this province has two (2) turtle villages.
just in case something happens to the first i guess.
also, i accidentally sent an army to the wrong province and lost it. cheers
sir scout is probably going to die to skelespammers because i am a moron and also theyre freaking everywhere
sneak into the backlines
i'm counting this is a victory
oh hey, wasn't sure if we were doing that
<@120675876043096066> thats because markata archers are bad and couldn't hit them unillusioned. if, say you get a crowd of tc archers, they will eventually pop the illusions, but i think the arrow would have to hit (eg not be blocked by a shield) first, possibly do damage
69
lmfao at the flagellent based marignon bless build in more turns]
339/424 dead flagellents
born to die world is a fuck kill em all 1989 i am trash man 410,757,864,530 dead flagellants.
lmao
with a flaming weapons / air shield / blood surge bless. wtf
more flags than longdead died that battle
blood surge flags lmao nice
flags into skelespam very good
well i mean they managed to kill 1/18 of my shadow vestrals
so i guess i kinda took a loss from that?
<@113044892225175552> yeah i figured hitting the shields was good enough
guess not
you have to do damage
cause elves
checks out
wait shit nothingtoseehere isn't a bot
elves are bullshit
lol
and yea, elves are bullshit, why they are so fun to play
i tested helheim sp
.markov nothingtoseehere
with an awake w9 doggo
don't you love entire stealthy armies capping thrones in a turn?
and got
40 prov
y1
yeah i was done expanding on like turn 7 as hel
and attacked someone
so the throne in my cap circle is zotz heavy infantry and sorcerersses
lucky fucker. easy clear
also it has a n1e1 site on it exposed
throne of ice
wish it was throne of winter to get me better income
but cold resist on all my mans is cool
and 3 wate rgems=free mercuries
do mercury barrel elementals guard commander
like water bottle ones
because lol if so
oh wait is make mercury ele a ritual?
and are they scriptable?
you can summon them as some nations
i think it's la agartha that gets barrels
i can summon them as t'ien chi
good to know
if you can script them they are probably the only kind of elemental it is still easy to buff
though they may poison your buffer to death
so yeah bane venom doesn't disease dudes in the province anymore?
ye
it broken
very fucked up imo
that's extremely shitty
one is ai yes
and the other is :checks notes: abysia
!unit likho
<@178868273935417344>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=likho&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
lets get ready to grunnddddllllleeeeeee
new turn new turnnrnr
have people been using the ice mist scimitar
i don't remember it from dom4 and it looks good
just make a frost brand
ah so frost brand is still better
higher on the research tree but i spose it's still only research 4
<@184675842432040960> y tho
mekone
!item frost brand
<@178868273935417344>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=item&itemq=frost%20brand&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
eh in some cases it mighyt be a better counter thug thing
wait
no nvm
it costs twice as many gems
yeah i just got interested because of the cool sounding ice mist on the scim
i will protect my friend caelum from your tyranny
mekone
you just tried to siege him as well as take all his provs
is <@184675842432040960> the dominions murderhobo
.tag <@184675842432040960> murderhobo
welcome to a world called mekone *whipcrack*
he isn't patrolling
and even if he was abysia is bad at patrolling iirc
ah, abysia strikes at last.
!details

swarm is strong
and he cast it a lot of times
like 10 times
it was mostly farts and woofs and fall asleep
https://i.imgur.com/nvhvh7q.jpg
that guy got owned
nice!!
ghosts?
39 enemies died and his army has 52 kills
so id say probably not ghosts but maybe im wrong
ghosts didnt do jack shit
but casting lesser fire elemental under rain was not goode
what spells other than rain did you use?
mostly just "wotfe are good"?
i used summon buffalo jerek
!details

i mean 10 gold footmen killed 18
the wot5e were good but not as baller as i hoped
were they glaive foot
glaive foot hit really damn hard
glaive foot yeah
i am now a footman frenzy convert
if he'd put awe on them they'd kill glaive guys but welp
get wrecked two defense havers
please perma ban grampybones from all dom5 games
sad day for blitz
what is his sin
a new day dawns. another blitz for the commonwealth
the council of blitzing retards convenes now.
!details

!details

what happened to atlantis: turn moor
does darkness fuck up melee atk/def too
or just precision
yes
it fucks them up pretty bad
-6 atk/def/prec
i hit start but ????
save us <@255835336083636234>
!details
attempting to restart

@here it begins
maybe
!details
<@218916773175623681>: error: connection refused (os error 111)
ffffffffffffff
!details

<@218916773175623681> you're up
sorry been a very interesting day
oh caelum invaded me and i didn't even notice lol
so much for our 3 turn warning nap, time to burn baby burn
oh well zz
its real bad for guys who cant see in the dark
when is there gunna be a mod for these nations
https://i.imgur.com/ct1tzum.png
:mekone:
`mekone`
.request say "jesus christ." if anyone says "hot pants"
i got spies telling people that there's something better than iron and it's making them all upset
!details

the bot doesn't affect the server
just start as normal
and maybe it's just offline for a bit
!details

! details
!details

mmmmmmmekone
!details

criminy
<:prism:372894359680712727>
a shameful agartha
!details
!details
<@160127200803160064>: error: connection refused (os error 111)
rip ea sports
it wasn't in the game
me\üÖ±one
blitz. more like shits. ha ha, up top.
!details
<@255835336083636234>: error: connection refused (os error 111)
for whatever reason the game isn't starting,  the way to fix it is on snek.earh <@218916773175623681>
<@68614451045076992> i mostly just took 2 forts worth of researchers, vaguely communioned them and sent them to kill jsoh's hydra prophet then sit on his cap so i could preach him down
also i have like 3000rp/turn anyway
so i count that one as a win tbh
kinda stopped caring about capitalism a year or so ago honestly
<@!160127200803160064> lmao what the fuck is this https://puu.sh/zkh6r/d48d1ba45b.jpg
looks like about 100 enemy units, mainly consisting of war elephants, vanara archers, vanara swordsmen and vanara infantries
if i had to guess
why in the world would you have an army of about a hundred enemy units , mainly consisting of war elephants vanara archers vanara swordsmen and vanara infantries
thats an absurd number
probably for stomping on things
if its for stomping on demon things please remember that the spell frighten exists and i will frighten the ephelants until they step on all the monkies etc
tbf i don't think it particularly cares what it stomps on in particular
imo send it to stomp on bogarus since im in the process of doing that myself
at the moment i'm enjoying just stomping on indies but sure
also i feel more inclined to stomp on marverni for claiming that throne like a prick
stomping on indies is good
stomping on marverni is also good
please stomp on not me.
i have a soft spot for bestnation yomi
so for now i shall not stomp on thee
did you like, randomly step on a wizard holding one of the items that make armies look bigger or what
thats an insanely huge army
i did step on a bunch of wizards, but i got no army increase charms
funnily enough i did step on two amulets of missile protection
which is hilariously stupid
!details

much like your posting
rude
anyway i'm happy to make that our east/west border if you want
im going to not attack you right now because i dont want to get stepped on
are you sure, it might be fun
i wouldn't know
<@178868273935417344> attacked me with a scout and defeated 5 pd
i mean there's at least three players plus the ais attacking me r/n so i feel like a man attempting to be crushed
that wont happen
because mages target hp density
and also the ephelants run faster
i love to have about a hundred units, mainly consisting of war elephants vanara archers vanara swordsmen and vanara infantries.
have you heard of my rock band?
assassin's crud more like.. he he
it's called about 100 enemy units, consisting of mainly war elephants, vanara archers, vanara swordsmen and vanara infantries.
bit of a mouthful
!details

this game is going to be won by default isn't it
so far we are having an accurate ea experience
whoever last goes ai
!details

i'm pressing butan
to see wtf is going on
hey, what's a good counter to 80 or so burning ones in ea abysia?
lances
rain
also they are ethereal and have a 6ap fire shield
looks like something might be wrong with carto revision, the server is failing to find suitable start positions
a magic lance
related question
whats a good counter to fire shield/blood vengeance bless gath
as ea ermor
antimagic and skeletons
its like turn 12
doesnt the fire shield kill the skeletons
important q: is this on gibbors or levite zealots
i dont think he has made any sacred troops yet
but his god just awoke and gave him this bless
and i lost 4 equites to a kohen
lmao
so i will probably lose a lot more if he makes, like, one sacred troop with armour
well as i see it you have three choices: go ai now, go ai in 6 turns when you didn't research ench 5 fast enough to win, or diplomancing
ok one sec starting this whole mess over
!help
<@218916773175623681>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !start <address:port> [<alias>]: register a started server for a lobby game
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
!delete ea-sports-a-newbie-game
<@218916773175623681>: successfully removed server ea-sports-a-newbie-game
!list

!add snek.earth:30076 ea-sports
<@218916773175623681>: error: connection refused (os error 111)
!list

!start snek.earth:30076 ea-sports
<@218916773175623681>: error: could not find the game with alias ea-sports
!add snek.earth:30076 ea-sports
<@218916773175623681>: successfully inserted with alias ea-sports
!list

!details ea-sports
<@218916773175623681>: error: received an unexpected status code
@here upload your pretenders again lol
@here could the discord god change ea-sports-a-newbie-game channel name to just ea-sports
!list

!details ea-sports

!register mictlan ea-sports
<@218916773175623681>: registering nation mictlan for user <@218916773175623681>
here doesn't work for non mods
!register mekone ea-sports
<@289305103704391681>: error: could not find nation starting with mekone. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
also do !register <your nation> ea-sports after uploading your pretender apparently
!register mekone ea-sports
<@289305103704391681>: registering nation mekone for user <@289305103704391681>
!register agartha ea-sports
<@255835336083636234>: registering nation agartha for user <@255835336083636234>
<@389252874242359296> <@255835336083636234> <@!160127200803160064> <@184675842432040960> <@68614451045076992> <@289305103704391681> <@218916773175623681> <@!282159431519567873> <@303193134026981389> <@332710960554835988> pretenders need to be re-uploaded. connect to snek.earth:30076 and re-register with gonadic bot
done
!register arco ea-sports
<@160127200803160064>: registering nation arcoscephale for user <@160127200803160064>
!details ea-sports

here still won't work for you
and anyway you want <@&389931813528797184>
do not ping mall cop role
better then pinging here :v
boho if i do that tge robot wont talk right
!register  niefelheim  ea-sports
<@282159431519567873>: registering nation niefelheim for user <@282159431519567873>
first an indie assassin event asassins one of my ur cap mages the turn they are made
now my cap lab burns down
game is trying to warn me about my cap mages
nah boho renamed the game on bot too
though you seem to have gone for "spurts" instead of "sports"2
tear down this channel
who the fuck puts a doom glaive on a scout
lol
firebirds did it
it's warning you not to get to luck through the turn of the year events as ur as this will only lead to trouble
that guy has 28 prot
rip firebirds, no free items for me
yes that was the idea
also i should not have destroyed the other fort i think
it apparently takes way longer to siege
than id assumed
you know the wall defenders count for siege defense right
!details

thanks samog
both of you
la forts are very powerful
yup, pretty sure therodos has the game in the bag with a buttload of untouchable temples powering out that vengeful water
why cant my reborns make skeletons to siege down your walls outside combat huh
wait jsoh what
click a fort
lol if you don't take defender wall power into account and take for example 14 additional siegepower on top of all the gate cleavers to siege down ur forts in one turn
hmm gate cleavers you say
gate cleavers suck
use your gems to make mans to siege with


what do
now the channel is renamed so you don't need to say "ea-sports" to the bot while in here
!unregister
<@255835336083636234>: removing user <@255835336083636234> from all nations in game ea-sports
!register agartha
<@255835336083636234>: registering nation agartha for user <@255835336083636234>
!details

!register sauro
<@303193134026981389>: registering nation sauromatia for user <@303193134026981389>
i did misfortune-order
also woo free growth dot ty moon throne
(moon throne!?)
i found the fuckin
throne of zeal
great.
lol <@282646158218756116>
don't be so quick to think that
my troops are ghosts
easily countered this late in the game
lol

turns out the water elementals it spawns are the smallest ones possible
not big fuckers with multiple hp bars
turn will be up shortly
new turn new turn nrew turn
gate cleavers broadly suck, sometimes they are useful for sneak attacksto win the game
good to see the civ thread still defending civ vi for some reason
a game where getting the "walls" technology makes the ai permanently retarded
you've also got the gem and province lead
it's a bad game
in fact you're number 1 in everything but research
where you're number 2
bug squash official prediction is a decisive victory for theroderos in 2001
it is an extremely bad game and the people saying "well i guess yknow ü§∑ if you don't like the extremely bad ai and nonfunctional systems this expansion pack might not be for you ü§∑ ps i got 3600 gold without having to do anything this expansion owns" are dumb cowards
we'll see ;)

!details
me bugsquash and monkey arre just cranking these turns
i have aids.
so many goofy indies
more like **fartificial intelligence**.
but i got a ring of sorc from one so
üí©
the only problem being all the tasty thrones are annoyingly far from him
everything on a coast will soon be directly next to him. rlhey is going down hard atm
!details

cadmus needs to get in the mekone zone
lol if you dont play with real humans who competently backstab you at every opportunity
rlyeh has a ton of grandmother uber priests that are murdering my dudes
his only problem is that they're immobile
so i'm just dom pushing his cap atm
sounds like the dominions single player community
giev
my asleep god finally woke up in mid summer
thisisfine
how much pd do you need to defend from wolves
i didnt want your cap anyway
can i kill patala now?
apparently you can now lose your city very very early to culture flip now jsoh lol
nah it's cool. i've enjoyed this game, and i'm extremely pleased with how i've done. it's probably about time for it to roll to a close.
lol old man gath mage can walk the farthest
cool
just 1 its fine
still only have half the throne score i need to win though
moon skeletons the centurion has claimed the throne of the moon
classic
there, i just built 10 pd everywhere i could benefit from unrest reduction
rocky i'm fighting you because i want you to kill me and have my stuff
oh hey, there is agartha
attacking ys?
<@282646158218756116> what are you doing here, this isn't your planet
you're an unstoppable wave of free spawn now. it's endgame scleria territory.
ys is bad
im amphibious
help me, by driving ys off of the land
maybe
also dont talk to me here i hate it talk to me in the chat chahnel i hate the fuckin individual game channels
this is what really sucks about water nations
me and rlyeh have been completely irrelevant the entire game
and then oops btw i'm about to murder everyone
i'd have cast burden of time early in you're position, so cinch the victory, but i'd been prepared to dispel that the whole game, so it didn't really matter either way.
i could overcast it pretty harshly
wisely: badmus
yup, that's what i'd have done too. would have tried begging for astrals at that stage. glancing over the map, and what i know of everyone's available spells, you're the only one with a path to victory that isn't hunker down in you're thrones and hope the horrors destroy everyone elses first
i'm confused how i stalled this time,  going by the dom bot. well, i'll take my turn now
!details

sloths are slow
we understand
it tells me there was a new turn yesterday at 5am and 4pm the same day. ohhh... it told me about turn 19 twice
and i mistakenly assumed.
i see
patch, i presume
ye
moons are for the living
why did 2 people invade me if neither one will fight me
there, both turns done, and paying more attention to brainwrinkle/repeat messages from the bot
<@282646158218756116> 23 is mine
i see indies in 27 u can have those
wow that was fast
please talk to me in the good channel instead of the very bad channel
ok
<@282646158218756116> 23 is mine in lanights
i see indies in 27 u can have those
i will not trespass on the tower of books
should i cast winged monkeys on the guy leading 20 longspears around while my army is behind them
its would be extremely funny so yes
it's just led by a regular size 2 guy right
it would be funnier if there was still a guy
yeah its just a commander
barbarian chief
fear decrepus
fear
i get to slither back into my sea now on ice planet
only required some mild trespassing
if you want to win in a particularly funny way, you can probably take the throne of the pantokrater in a few turns, and then you're dominion just crushes everyone with the conflict bonus.
if either that or i dont get to build a lab because i have to put pd into where hes going
also <@178868273935417344> the only thing a bvc does for you now is kill pop real sad
it's the watcher throne next to agartha. if you stick a lightning rod on your god you can probably clear it easy
yes i saw
thats still good
is killing that guy worth 59 rp and 10 gems
i think prboably not
you could probably just pump pd to 10 where he's going and send a lady from your tower of books to make forty bugs
wait do bvcs not disease units anymore???
diseases the guy holding it only
if i pump pd to 10 i cant afford  2 renatus and a lab and 8 mystes or whatever
no boing why did you move those guys there instead of towards me via the plains
wtf
rip in piss scout
also its fucking wolf tribe and longspears have shields
you will have to commit either mages or gold
one or the other
!list

!register lanka
<@68614451045076992>: registering nation lanka for user <@68614451045076992>
i can just walk after them until they run out of space
since the path they are on is a dead end
blocked in by boing
i guess winged monkeys it is
should work vs a mundane barbarian
and it drops him in the prov right
to be executed by pd
what do i do with the 30 militae i got from this even
event
send them against the indies that caelum and man and jomon never cleared
or patrol the tower of books to keep scouts away
caelum man and jomon and patala
or suicide on a throne so they dont have to be paid
theres actually lots of indies
uh
wait
one of my labs got taken by barb attacks
are bogarus fort defenders
indies?
they are bad
it says captain and archers
lol
i do not have any units called that
like all of bogaru's troop not called malaia druzhina
i get 60 slingers
with bonus range
and infinite ammo
i think i get boulder throwers
could be funny
jotun hurlers are the only guys with 2handers hey
boing you should leave me alone or i will make it cold forever
or i could do it anyway to make sad trombone sound effect play continuously throughout all of ragha
holy shit is that real
115 gold for morvach knights
14 hp
i was prettttty sure before that i could crush that guy but
now its 100%
they don't breathe fire uw
unless the guy took a shock resist bless
which, why would you
and they have one attack
however, cave grubs are not amphibious
they will just get stunned by my guys who dont cost a hundred gold
so you are unable to wield your most powerful force
and then smacked
how many porvs do you have
let me count
18
however abysia will reclaim his
and that will disconnect 1 so i have 16 real provinces
hey jsoh, get off my plane
t
hm... what to name the god. something fishy. `t i a t a n i c`.
!details

oh it restarted
are we picking the same nations
i knew you got that ring of sorcery, ulm! fuck you! yo udont evne do magic!
oh my fucking god can time stop
i forgot about that spell
like, time stop soul drain darkness chill x2 time stop attack rear
or does time stop slow soul drain ticks that'd suck
i'll have to check. maybe just time stop buff fully then soul drain
lol why is a ring of sorcery changing hands in this game in year 1
indie found one on the ground
.markov
and ulm took it from his finger
ya, just reupload
some issue with the map
oh shit
was it a hobbit
once again: please tag me when i am last
!details

also i guess i did sleep a lot longer than meant to
rip me in all games but pankor pretty much i guess
there might be a cyclops hammer too soon
wtf is time stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vane83viya
<@317410996169736204> what chassis? already got the name?
jabberjaw, if it's something sharky
i'm making a reference to something.
this caelum man makes a great point
sealab 2021 or 20,000 leagues under the sea works too
as a source of inspiration
how come theres not a dinosaur nation
not ctis. good dinosaurs.
<@183796404957872129> you're fighting me?
you remember the spell from baldur's gate <@181529528307417090>
it's like that but slightly less op
lmao
what is this https://puu.sh/zksq3/ba2e819844.jpg
it's all ogre.
gosh darn it
i have put 100 pd in a province in bogarus' cap circle
siege chaff
it will be the only worthwhile thing i do this game
the arco forts were insanely annyoing
thats you getting fucking owned jsoh
shrek invasion
no wait
are those my ogres
man vengeful waters got nerfed real bad
did i really make 50 of them
it's still good on coasts and sea
it's spawning the smallest type of water elemental
inland it's like size2s and 3s
ah so they're bigger on coasts? that's good
its still death in the ocean same as before
oh i see, 173 tomb chariots. if you want me to kill you, maybe trickle them in
noice
who is even fighting you anyways
!details

!details

does bot make my baby slugs grow up
that'd be cool
it does not :(

what the fuck
im doing it now
fear not
lol
yeah
the game hung on trying to set start positions
i can only assume it was a cart. revision bug
!register abysia
<@389252874242359296>: error: could not find nation starting with abysia. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
!details

!register abysia
<@389252874242359296>: registering nation abysia for user <@389252874242359296>
<@184675842432040960> 
<@332710960554835988>
!details

please upload your pretenders and then !register your nation, i had to start over due to a map bug
rip svalin, the worlds unluckiest vanjarl
whats the port now
thus always to elves
!details

!list
!register hinnom
!register hinnom ea-sports
<@184675842432040960>: registering nation hinnom for user <@184675842432040960>
!details

<@332710960554835988> just you, upload dat pretender again
and !register
dats a lotta frost fiends boss
i've upgraded my dominions font https://laughingsquid.com/comic-papyrus/
don't have to register before the game starts
the bot is entirely read-only, can't affect the game at all
idk if anything affecting my worthless ass could be counted as 'worthwhile'
enw turn ngore wtyrn ptrene turn
for shame nazca
going ai
shhhh we need the power to name and shame
<@184675842432040960>  boooo
i went ai like 4 turns ago
yes but on the other hand i didn't notice until right now
!details

<@170392794706214912> get off of my planet
cadmus was sleeping
and then he did his turn
!details
the pankor system belongs to no one man, but to all in it
no, it belongs to man
lame
!details

step up your font game even harder <@!169456837236621312> https://fontsup.com/font/smilin-john.html
<@255835336083636234> see you should have a you are last to submit warning
just popping into say yay <@!169456837236621312>  ding dom5vids again
which game are you lping monkey
im watching his sauromatia game
which is great cause sauro was fucking awful iirc in dom4 so its nice dom5 has atleast kidna changed the meta
did you bois get around to banning pan?
no
they were not bad in dom4
also yes pan si banned in every game ive ever played
except la pan
why not la pan
sauro was good in dom 4 but was part of the ea nations that got destroyed by ros club
however if there were no ros nations left and sauro was in the late game they were very good
hoh theres also utgard
i mean everyone else is probably less bad at time than i am
i am legendarily bad at it
!details

lol is it true jsoh died to ogres
you gotta kite them my dude they lost their maces and flails proficincies
!details

<@137038752370524161> hey!
will you be the man to save the day?
yeah my 2 points of pd got trounced by 55 ogres
yeah it's getting that way; last one out wins.  let's make it as horrible as possible
how many dispel casting nations are even left
pythium is still human and bandar log i guess
oh yeah i spent the last 10 turns raiding provinces with death sites so i could give ermor one last burden
so muc hfro that
pretender uploaded, sorry about the delay
timezones, etc
!register tir ea-sports
<@332710960554835988>: registering nation tir na n'og for user <@332710960554835988>
rip
quick start it before we fuck it up again
ah yes astral corruption
i bet it was more than 2 points of pd because you strategically cropepd it
you are right
you got me
it was 3 pd i misremembered
https://puu.sh/zl5pr/3abfd2e444.jpg
!list

fine i just got home
newturnnnnnnnnnn
ugh i forgot some scripting i'd been intending
fast turns
!details

huh, i had werewolves attack and defeat the pd, but all the werewolf leaders died and they didn't route
rout?
berserk?
oh, maybe?
oh, their morale did say routing
well, time to send in a monk
if you route first then it does weird stuff
ive had indies with zero commanders win as well
yeah, i checked their morale and they were routing
how do you see province event history?
i
ahhhh
glad to hear throne of beasts is doing its job
üëç
it cost me ~$50 and the use of a fort for a turn
oh, and a monk's time
dont take this from me
it took a province from ys in abysian territory, so they could probably roll in without causing a diplomatic incident
oh, are there any aqua wolfs that attack underwater or is it solely a fuck you to land?
of course
same as gaia
water is not affected
i do have some land. most of it is very poor and shitty
so theoretically i could lose a prov too
i am unused to agartha not being shit everywhere
agarthas cool now
or. it has been since dom4
boho
once they actually get into the water they can even recruit non-shite wet ones, with actual armour
yeah i played one game of dom 4
thought it was an all ages game and i was jomon and 2 or 3 turns from winning when the game died
<@282646158218756116> okay ill sell you the moon but just think of how damn far those moon warriors had to go to get to you
also ys tried to siege up all my forts with ponies but he splashed off my cap's pd
womp womp
cant believe they made sceleria uncool
mekone
!details

!details

do we know how uncool they made sceleria yet?
like not being able to do the indie priest trick is bad but
there's probably still a good way to play them
there is
yeah there seem to be at least a couple, from just glancing at the nation info screen
the fact they get 1 rec point reanimator priests already puts them a step above lanka
at making skelemans
!details
!details

bot wont take no guff from you mr allcaps
gaylum
jsoh we just played a game of dota and our team bought two divine rapiers
ask baudin it was incredible
!details

ah samog
hi
i had to go to the hospital
[11:02 pm] jerek: there's probably still a good way to play them
but is there a cool way
get well soon samog / one of his aquaintances
eww why are mictlan on my moons
.rp
.to
https://i.imgur.com/tk8zdkn.jpg
yay i took a province!
```a troll king unexpectedly attacks```
<:rip:372893660963930112>
lmao. one of my iron angels became a hero! he got... unequaled obesity.
nice
i think something must be done about bugs
because nearly killing a fully decked out angel via small beetles = probably not actually good balance idk
lmao. yeaaaaaaah
harassed penalty ftw
it's not about that, it's that they do 1an damage ie have like a 57 or so % chance to always do 1 damage through whatever prot/invuln anything has
oh
wat
ya
tiny bite is retarded
so a beetle has a better than 1 in 2 chance to plow right through all the magic and do a point of damage
correct
and it does this before fire shield or what have you
so it p much always goes though
through*
and you can summon a horde of the bitey things in short order
yes
there is swarm which makes a quite lot of them
and then at alt 7 a spell called creeping doom which can create literally over 100 at a time for 1 gem
what the christ
(or a mere 65 for an n2 with 2 gems)
as well as being tons of damage they also super fkin clart up spell / unit attack targetting more in dom 5 than 4 it feels like
my immersion
lmao i decided to attack a province, then flinched and backed out, but kept all my mages attacking and they died uselessly
one sec
moon warriors, son.
oh huh
diseased skratti automatically become werewolves if the disease would be lethal
!details

yes
thats how dying works when you are a shapeshifter
and then they never die of disease because they have regen
will be afllicted to shit, though!
whats the maximum # of sites again? 6? 8?
sixty nine
nice
and yeah taking 10% of your hp is the baselind for getting afflicted
along with disease just causing afflicitons
10% of... current hp? basic hp? max hp this turn?
max hp
cool, figured, just checking
which is the exact amount that 1 level in regen heals
which is why diseased werewolves never die
instead all their limbs fall off and their brain turns to pudding
the lowest regen in the game is 5% actually
oh?
does anything even have that, naturally?
champions cuirass i think
is the only thing
oh nope
crown of ivy king is 5% also
and king of mountains
and tartarian spirit
huh
thats a lot of things actually
1 unforgable item, 1 artifact, 1 random unique conj 8 summon, one random conj 9 summon
<@!169456837236621312> my galaxy brain flying monkeys play worked btw
ive never actually cast that spell before it owns
it makes a special assassination battel where you have like 8 flying monkeys with a sleep touch attack and if they put the guy to sleep it teleports them to the caster
does the caster then fight them?
it treats it as the guy who got monkied attacking the province the caster is in
so in this case my pd destroyed the commander
im imagining a scenario where you attempt to flying monkeys a commander
and wham bam turns out the enemy kited them to hell
and then you lose your prov
well thats not correct its , it moves the commander to the place you casted from
so if its a friend its not an attack at all
also if the commander is kitted to hell it will probably kill the monkeys
yeah
they have 15 defence and 13 attack or something tho
so maybe not
its also probaly like drn+1 of them
or 2d6 or something
maybe no explodey
my least favorite part of bot is
the poploss
burden of time should work liek antiunaging
and make the things recruited after its cast have a multiplier on their age
it doesnt even make sense that it'd cause poploss because
children would grow up faster, too
physically
but not mentally
so what you're saying it
do you think a 20 year old whos 6 months old in him brain would be a functional human being
for the purpose of taxes etc
it should give a bonus to
bloodhunting
i wish sacred shroud reduced upkeep cost
by half
he didnt lose cap pd
he also lost an army of patrollers
!details

!details

im gay
jj the implications of burden of time are actually insane
like you p muc could not educate people
and it would be a constantly struggle to harvest and eat and replant crops before they all wilted + everyone just friggin died instantly
burden of time isn't literally making time go faster dude
i think you could maybe make a sci fi/fantasy film about burden of time, the spell
right...
but it is making aging go faster...
hence why education is a problem and so on
you have basically 1 year to live your entire life
you still have, like, probably 10 years to live if you're a peasant or something
no you don't at all mate
5 years/month
4
ulm is feminizing gamers
burden of time should make everyone you recruit after it feebleminded
unless they come out at over a hundred years old
and also , it should amplify the growth an ddeath scales pop growth effect
i'm not sure it would remotely help farm productivity to not even really be able to train people at all and within a year your experienced labour force is dead
it's 5 years a month? i thought it was only a year a month
yeah i thought it was 4 years in 1 year
isn't there an mr roll for "suffered badly"?
nice
i think in growth 3 its like 3.5 years a month or something stupid like that
i am not 100% of the mechanics but i believe it is an mr roll for 5 years and definitely 1 per month
babies do not have high mr
i also consider most normal ass idiot people to have prob mr like 8
you get a bit of antimagic training as a soldier in dominions world i would assume
i guess you wouldn't grow properly either and everybody would have progeri
doesnt a militia have 10 mr
everything would be insanely fucked up mukip and there should be a series about it on netflix made by the devs
hm do you need to eat a year's food every month
yes
maye thats why ppl die
but luckily a whole year's worth of food grows in a month
but unluckily that is not at all easy to harvest
and store
but also it rots and vanishes yeah
and distribute
wog bolts
if your crop goes bad due to disease you have maybe an hour to get some food from somewhere before everybody in the village dies inbetween trying to dig out all the soil and try to plant a new set of crops while withering away from hunger
horrifying!
spooky
pythium is playing "claw back territory from a larger ai" game so i won't be very helpful for anything
basically
fuck tim burden
oh yeah and all the pack animals live for like 2 months at best so eventually society has to rely on a handful of badly educated mages (keeping in mind the mages were the ones who did the burdening) to teleport food around so not everyone dies
it's not quite as crippling to play against as i used to think, i feel like it has a bigger (or at least more immediate) effect on player morale than it does on who will eventually win the game
well
usually whoever casts it
but if you can't start transitioning to a gem-based economy of action you're pretty screwed unless it gets dispelled
doesnt get hurt by it
so they gain continual advantage
depends who casts it
and on their neighbors
sceleria for example gets absolutely destroyed by it
yeah and in this case its sceleria who casted it
as a fuck you before dying
ah see in this other game i'm in ermor cast it twice or maybe three times
and then pan's cast it, had it dispelled, and has cast it again
lol
jbrereton - today at 9:35 am
jj the implications of burden of time are actually insane
everyone would die because there would be no way to have a child.
every human in the game would be full stop dead within one year.
sceleria should get huge amounts of bonus supplies under burden of time
since they have skelemans to farm for them in the lore
!details

ok good i need like two more hours.
ea ermor and ma sceleria should get access to the ma and la national spells, but they're only castable if they first put up bot
i think that red robb made that spell for his magic exploded mod
they should just unlock them at thaum 5 bing bong very simple
should bot be thaum 6
y/n
nn
no it should be like 8
at least partly because most people flip the fuck out about it being cast at all and by that time in the game normally like half the factions are dead
is hydrophobia terminal?
isn't that just an enrage?
idk. i've never cast it
aoe 5, 1 gem thing that reads like enrage
hmmm trying to setup a game between me and a friend but having a hard time
do i put in my own ip address when im starting the server?
okay, i know i'm bad at the game, but is this shit really necessary?
https://i.imgur.com/vkvlcbj.png
that's just jsoh
don't mind him
that was too much yeah sorry
jsoh is a grump
i'd just call you a moron fuck-up
i've never used blood vortex, and did not even know that it getting overrun was bad
because late game is fake and always kill blood
blood vortex was not really great in dom4
haven't tried in 5
a blood global on tunr 60 or soemthing
it's the blood dispel
along with looming hell
is insane that it could be taken down
oh
you meant 'overwritten' you illiterate buffoon
overrun implies someone took the province where it was cast
and that that matters somehow
jsoh is a known illiterate
nah, i was fucking around, because as soon as i went to cast ac  i'd get turbomurdered (i'm p much dead soon as someone looks at me) so i threw up dome of corruption to see how bad it is and my caster got ate
hahahaha
i have never tried dome of corruption
lol
ahahahahaahahah
because the description seems to be saying do not cast this it will fuck you
like, i knew it was dumb
but that shit was incredibly unnecessary
jsoh sucks don't sweat it
yeah. my bad
we're all idiots here
fucking morons
ok i am ded in several games
i'll need ideas for a new one
is there a spell that causes a black dog attack event?
oh wait nvm
thought pankor had turned and i'd been hit by the same event twice in the same province
lol
god damn elmokki hasn't released nationgen for dom5 yet
i still dont know which of my neighbors owns which province in bad because they have the same flag.
i will invade both.
no!
who has the same flag
the mod includes different flags so that that wont happen!
what game?
bad
oh we are doing badnations?
you arent! bazinga!!!!!!!
ur and uruk are the same right
oh maybe
im gonna die in that game to blood vengeance fire shield gath sacreds
have you considered horde of skeletons
i have considered how good it would be to have that research, yes
that's what you get for bouncing my shit a lot
i should have been suspicious when i didnt see your design points anywhere
i would cast fire elemental but giants are fire resistant
who are you boing
im ea ermor
why dont you have horde of skeletons
bc its like turn 15
how is my reserach better than yours
oh you did the dumbass horsie bless didnt you
i have very efficient augur production.
it requires many forts to be operational
im yomi ive made like
his horsies shat all over my gittites
12 yurns worth of mages who cant fucking read books
is there a non-sacred that i should have been making besides gittites, b/c the normal gath roster seems pretty terribad
benjis
the power of quintuple bless equites is hard to defeat with ordinary troops
wow. i thought they were dual wielding daggers not swords!!
oklahoma city ‚Äî an oklahoma woman convicted of using a counterfeit check has received a reduced sentence after getting medically sterilized at the suggestion of the judge.
all about the benjamins
man i don't have enough curse words for that samog
at least she agreed to it
in alberta until like the 70s they would sterlize non whites with more than 3 kids
and mentally disabled people
they loved to harvest the balls of boys with downs syndrome to experiemnt on or something also. comic book supervillain shit
this was all done without consent or even informing people sometimes :)
benjamanites are better at pillaging that kuro oni
shame cube seem slike ideal formation
line is good sometimes
if you cant win with a shame cube, you're not macro gaming hard enough
need a line?
line of shamecubes
just fill every inch of the battlefield with troops
jokes on them because alberta is more retarded than ever today
line still makes them walk forward slower
holy hsit
which is nice if your plan is say, arrows, crossbow bolts or meteors
ikr
it required some voodoo
but we are live
hurray
looks like the map was fucked and you have to start and restart the server after pretenders are uploaded, then it works (???)
if you get enough cubes large enough
it is a line
!details

cryle i unironically do this sometimes
jsoh did you check your turn yet in late stage capitalism
theres nothing ironic about a line of cubes.
maybe not the way you do it
a line of timecubes
man this map hahahahaha
cast mass fly imo
a cube is just a really short line
(i'm laughing at my own map that i uploaded)
did it turn again
¬Ø\_(„ÉÑ)_/¬Ø
or is it just the one where the mind lord is sieging me now
oh lol i tihnk im dead and the robot just decided to stop telling me about that game on acocutn of
hey <@172216575305187328>
er
not that one
<@190292302785150976>
what does the yomi buff do again
cause
yomi is growing on me
im not the maker of the yomi buff mod
thats <@96715337440952320>
use the incredible new modding powers to give yomi half price labs and temples in mountains
but only mountains not highlands.
in its current iteration:

- restores 100% income to yomi but makes their temples 400g again
- adds 2 new commanders, one a recruit (mountain sage) and one a transform shape for namanari (yomotsu, w2d1n2 spy, swamp only)
- makes namanari comrec 1 / 5 rp
- gives demon priests 5 rp + divine inspiration
- adds 2 new recruitable human units to yomi, a retainer who is a guy who is good at naginatas, and the ritualist who is an unarmoured sacred with a censor (small aoe poison weapon
- adds prophetshapes to their commanders that make them very good pillagers (bandit) / mason (demon general) / domsummon gobbos (bakemono chief) / autosummon kuro-oni (~oni shugo~) and able to recruit an otherwise unrecruitable oni sacred in your capital (dai oni)
- adds slothpower to oni
- re-adds turmoil rec to a bunch of stuff to encourage turmoil, and with end of culture up makes their shogu + dai oni 50 gold cheaper
oh ya and namanari are purchasable in swamps again and there are some extra gold raid events to encourage raid
is stellaris good yet
all video games are bad
hope this helps
ritualist cap only or ?
ritualist not cap only
is notorious software toy "stellaris" good yet
jsoh did all your heretic mages kill you
but relatively high rec points + unarmoured on a faction that does not get good forts without making their prophet do it
also jsoh while your "make their things cheaper in mountains idea is incredibly droll there is of course only the mod command to do it in forests
is there a way to sort commanders by type
as opposed to the current system of what appears to be "date hired"
cuz im getting really really exhausted trying to find the druids in the stargazerstack
no my misfortune burning down the temple in my capital
and having a high dom pretender god stand on my capital
and having my enchanted forests get taken down by blood vortex
is what killed me
have sacred non-priest commanders always been able to build temples in previous doms
not sure about 3 but 4 yes
oh god this map
pretty sure they could in 3
:v
i grabbed one that looked vaguely sane
ea ermor should get to turn to ma ermor as soon as they hit *rolls two d10s* says right here enchantment 1
riidi can i buy that moon from you
i expect good renames on turn 2
its very very bad for me to allow someone else to hold that on account of i have only 2 ways off my dumb tiny planet
!details pankor
yes yoiu can buy the moon from me
how much
fuck's sake, my game just crashed and i lost my turn.
uhhh let me check to see if i lost any troops taking it
not right now tho, i have to go to the grocery store. ill @ you when i get back
there's a way to sort away researchers in the army list
no <@110869804197351424> it will be better in two weeks but still not good
aw man that makes yomi more generic
the correct answer is stellaris is good for about 3 hours
and then you leave it alone for a few months
ck2 was the only good game paradox ever made and they have no idea why (its incest)
eu3 was good...
no
also victoria
forever war on anybody who doesn't
no!
jsoh your final message to the world in latecapitalism was about perfect
kremath the path to being not shite is to be more generic, as a nation imo
i could revert the gold thing but it is fairly crippling
having a foreign rec magic for 1 command point is not generic
and having unique effects for prophetshapes is also not
how the fucks malphas not have prophetshape
b/c doing the destroy the smouldercone to make a ton of banefire puke demons event which is basically a copy of breaking the seal is too hard work for everyone involved
still he should have something
abysia is legit the hottest bad nation in the game
i'd say coolest, but we all know that's *wrong*
!details

<@170392794706214912> give us the turnsssssss
<@255835336083636234> i, the breaker of elves, will make peace with fomoria in exchange for the tribute of prov 122
yeah okay <@282646158218756116> i lost torops taking that moon so im charging 140 gold
im leading storm demons with a dwarf instead of a vanadrott because only the dwarf can wear boots.
the province has 14 income
i lost troops taking it. mictlan blood was spilled for those rocks.
mictish?
why should i care about your dumb blood
nah
*switches to recruiting giants*
mictec
hey, youre the one who wants the moon, not me
blood moons are more valuable
the price is absurd.
hmmm :checks notes: i see a bad moon a'rising
ten times the province income!!!!!!
i see trouble on the way
im willing to go as low as 100.
are werewolves more powerful on a moon
you will recoup your money within a lunar year
if i have that moon it makes my path towards fighting the evil ys faster
riidi 'ok 150 then'
im willing to go as high as 200 but i will not accept any higher offer.
i will give you 210 gold for that moon
please deliver it to the badnations game for me
how is the coolest map game going?
besides jsoh ive played on this map in singleplayer. i know youre rich. theres mines all over that there cave planet
dont deal w riidi hes an insane person
riidi charge cryle for new turn
i dont need turns
i am in control
theres three mines.
jsoh your mistake was asking
220 gold
ill pay you sixty nine gold and a 12 turn nap
instead of just taking it and mailing him 50 gold or whatever
that's hwat i did except i mailed 23 gold and it was fine
well theres like 20 mans in it
and i dont know what ihis bless is
im sure they'd walk away
they aren't going to sit on that shit hole
ill accept your terms jsoh.
nice
never bargain with jsoh
he just bargained with jsoh
and got sixty nine gold for a piece of shit
pretty good imo
plus, free piece of shit
also im going to the other moon after that one, i will not pay for the other moon so if you are going there maybe dont
its also a piece of shit
but i need it to walk on
it never ends. this freakin guy folks./
if we are fighting the same person it doesnt make sense for you to obstruct me!
whatd i say
never bargain with jsoh
new turn
40 fuckin werewolves
fuck
!list

i got a moon for ya haha.
throne of beasts fucking owns you
fuck eveyrone
the besieging army is about six units large. the army consist of mainly dogs.
40 werewoofs killed a fort in process and took away my zotz
https://puu.sh/zlebm/f825223991.jpg does this beat 40 fucking werewoofs
ez
werewolves are pushovers
are those lamas?
theyre cave grubs
whtas your bless jsoh?
fire shield
and prot
so the woofs will self immolate
cave grubs seems kinda gross
huh, nazca and mictlan have the exact same bless
cave grubs are a pro summon
highly recommended if you own caves
what is it
wow they have 52 hp
ya
and they are real brave
that's 260hp worth of chaff for 8 gems
and they hit very hard
more if you have a good mage
wrong
i miss money
i lied. its true.
cave cows are good too
ranged corrosion
thunderweapons/luck/quickness
mesoamerican solidarity
and cost 4 water gems for 5+, though the paths to cast are tough if you aren't literally agartha
i dont know why you'd ever summon a cave crab
because crabs are cool?
probalby wont spend water gems on cave cows becuase i can isntead make olms
well, i've managed to conquer two thrones this turn
watar
the throne of zeal which sucks, and the lower throne, which gives me 5 slaves a turn
which i can't use
of course i need to actually claim them
also all of the stuff i just took from ys got cut off from income b/c of 9 villains taking a shit hole province lol
an excellent turn from me
four pee dee keeps villains away pretty much
the agarthan commander charged them and died of arrows
a beast throne event sent 51 puppers into 17 heavy cav üò¶
poor puppers?
they are now pupped
the past tense
villainous
looks like dog meat for dinner in <province name> tonight
i had no attacks this turn and my monk was able to scare off the leaderless werewolfs
lol
so what does it mean if there is a mysterious cult and i need to send priests
i did, but it says his preaching won't do anything
it will spawn horrors
well even if you're not lying my deer tribe defenders will keep the province safew
oh, and now agartha is between r'lyeh and ys
who'd have thought the inevitable water conflict would have agartha interceding between them
sergeant, what's the name of this province?
fallen agarthan slope, sir
oh hey i found rlyehs god
i didnt know they made a vastness god chassis
he has been talking about it a lot
can't take it awake
because people were using it to teleport onto other's caps knocking them out instantly
lol
wow really?
i think it may have been hypothetical with beta testers but yeah
make dom6 more like eu4
it's important to core your provinces
*presses the genocide button*
excuse me do you have the diplo gems to change the local culture?
id believe it
ive seen people do that with the dinky little virtue
.to
do we have a command to show the order that phases happen during a turn thing
yes but only in irc.
we could make a channel that just has helpful facts
!details

!details

the ?to from irc is outdated anyway
there was like , two changes
insane.
make a channel thats just the fuckin manual .
you can do that already, by opening a private message window with nuclearmonkee ha ha.
do you know if domspread happens before or after fights
i found cube field
preaching happens before but temple checks happen after
[9:11 am] jsoh: make a channel thats just the fuckin manual .
no we're talkibng about a channel that has useful information in it
the turn order is in the manual!
ty.
shamefur dispray
unfortunately bruce geryk has decided that he turn order being a mystery improves the game and has removed it
does he still even write the manual
god dammit
obs did a really good job of recording the first two seconds of that turn i just narrated for like thirty minutes
probably user error, i think my mouse is breaking and doubleclicks sometimes when it's not supposed to
ah well
guess i will do it again, in summary form
riidi - today at 4:55 pm
sergeant, what's the name of this province?
fallen agarthan slope, sir
is that the one with a bunch of pearls and makes misfortune?
the reference site says yes! why are you spending time site searching and not attacking your thunderdome pal
i read more water margin and got to the part where a warlike gallant nobly avoids being seduced by kowtowing eight times to the courtesan and declaring that they are honorary brother and sister
good strat
it makes misfortune?
lol incredible
nope, misremembering
samog i think i watched that on the tv now
horror marks though
it is quite a thing lol
was it song jiang and his sworn sister or someone else
really
site searching is like opening loot crates
it's in the last quarter
its the whole point of the game
i am about err halfway into the tv series?
lol
i don't think it's song jiang but they could have changed it
which gets much more linear + easy to follow after about 8 eps
ya
b/c the first 3 are like... wtf is going on here
and then suddenly they got an editor i guess?
but yeah in the tv show they swear brother and sisterhood and then within 10 minutes she gets him drunk lol
i think it's the same woman, but a different guy who comes by later
hao
:hao:
where are the hao and bao emotes
i guess they would be completely illegible in discord size
maybe someday nevermore will join a game
uruk is probably free territory many places right now, their armies are busy standing around without commanders in fields adjacent to my cap
baooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
lol
*assassinates 2 commanders* "guys uruks dead"
Â•Ω
Êä•
there u go
Â•Ω !
it's more of a prophecy really
rip
hao
anyway all i want to do in this game is be left alone in peace in like 9 provinces, and also to be bribed by other players to go assassinate someone in particular
i have no intention of winning
<@264039348494794754> hi hello
i am sad that's oceania not ys
lol okay so i worked out a potential use for explosion bless: la abysian pd has a priest in it, meaning that if you take a single point of pd you get one explosionman
mercenary assassin strat
which an enemy raider thug might not be expecting
cause oceania can fight back. peace in are time
i told you you could pay to not be invaded
does uruk have the same 'recruit everything everywhere' schitck as ur?
yes
well a little different
if so yeah there will be infinity commanders
i get warriors and shamen out of forts
i didn't have the money at the time, and if i go around being afraid of being invaded, how will my clients respect me?
but not like n4 shamen or those swamp guys
do i get special guys in swamps
i dont think i have a swamp
you do
you get ur boner tribe
are they good
you get can a d2 pretty easily
and their troops are berserking pillagers
w/ stealth
little on the expensive side maybe, or resource heavy? though that may have changed since dom 4
!unit enkidu
<@96715337440952320>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=enkidu&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
they are a touch expensive but otoh they are non fort only which is nice
oh their rec points are really high on the reavers actually
no spoilers plz
hunters are only 16/4/9 though and they're alright and stealthy
but ya swamp = 120g e1d1 (edw)
i assume a thug going against aby would have fr
jbre if you want to leave my cap circle and pay a moderate fee to escape reprisals, you need but ask
yeah, it's still bad
maybe as one of the other ones that gets a sacred pd
i also tested how much of an explosion a propheted gift of reason'd flame barrel nightmare wearing an amulet of vengeance was
and that actually kills stuff, though still not in a huge area
i will never pay your nation jerek
you have got entirely the wrong end of the stick as we say in the hood
la aby takes awake god plus scales
so you may think but a dormant rainbow is a particularly hilarious alternative
your sacreds are a piece of shit. awe can be good on assassin
or other pg blesses
ah well, i suppose a short life of trolling will be all i get in this game
(thank goodness, i can go ai soon)
i just want to find a good use for the explosion bless
other than roleplaying cultivators who self-destruct when owned
doesn't exist
a bless that requires you die to work isn't good
nobody has sacred-by-default-immortals except lemuria yeah?
like it's not even good on spammable sacred ghosts
it's just bad
yes
did you see me asking if my army could beat 40 werewoofs
werewolves suck
they will eat the soft cave grubs though
throne of beasts outs owning
therefore, i'm owning
they have 3 length 0 weapons so they will just self immolate instantly on my bless i think
yes
but they are brave and very many
they will kill some
i got fucking attack reared by indies again
shark tribe
ive found oceania
i feel like i can just invade both of these guys at the same time but that seems rude
and probably wrong
forting that super iron mine fucked me up actually on resources
aurora borealis
on this planet of pankor
in thius terrain
localized entirely in your laboratory
i will look into swamplands i suppose
i have exploding mans bless as ea caelum in a game
attack rear suicide flyers
it's funny
'is it good?' 'wellll'
no, i said steamed campfires, not steamed vampires
i also took resist fire along with it so chain self owning is unlikely
hello nuclear
why do you say oceania  can fight back but not ys?
ys is irredeemably bad uw
the old claw back territory from a larger ai who still has a gemgen global up? yeah, it's unpleasant
i think i've taken out their problematic stacks now, the rest should mostly be chaff
i did that with nazca
except no fire resist
self-own highly likely
the nazca bless is pretty much solved
mekone
i solved it by living where they cannot go
no i mean, the correct nazca bless
and its not fire asplode
whats nazcas beles sin that game btw
pythium is province #20
i scried that shit hell yeah
suddenly 250 troops out of nowhere
!details

fire asplode is probably nobody's correct bless
fire explode bless should be phoenix pyre bless
but it is funny
that would make it funny and good... kinda
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dvygp1zvmae4qnd.jpg
brelb
where can you buy this
!details

conot.. or cowon't? we report, you decide.
!details

newturnenwturnnewutnrm
sorry for slowturn
hmmm now conot is the samog
what are the considerations for surviving stygian paths?  
stealth & magic resist?
!details

new turn new turn
wait
no
!details

<@!169456837236621312> duvessa wants confusing touch removed for being too strong
is it actually that good
!details

and _that's_ why i took an immortal pretender. stupid fat donald j trump didn't get  a single kill vs 30 barbs
pankor
<:prism:372894359680712727>
and lo, my prophecy has come to pass
lol
risen oracle?
ya
fat shit
corn theory of value the god of pythium has been permanently vanquished. in the end, his dominion did not touch a single province
friggin' finally
com
ok so i can ai out of capitalism now that i've killed jsoh, cool
<@183796404957872129> fyi if you let ragha take that throne you doom us all. although the cataclysm is here in like 4 turns anway, so eh go hog wild
what is up with the solar serpents on this map?
also, everyone please kill vanheim
i'm busy keeping agartha from pillaging the corpse of lanka from me
i implore you to reconsider
i kinda want to see what the yomi mod leads to, but the bulldozer will ruin that
rip mike cernovich
there's like a 500 unit / 15 mage stack in 82 fwiw wrt tc
to be honest i'm doing more exciting things in <#398360713032105984> then i am in this game
that throne covered in watchers is a bitch
i dont think he can stop me
i think i last took out one of those with an army of backline air 3 casters spamming living clouds. wouldn't fancy trying it without that.
my combat magery continues to be the weakest part of my dominion gameplay
one day i'll figure out an actual research plan and so on
for now, its "queu up anything, anything at all"
as siltmod yomi the strat if it is just the watchers remaining is prob "30 namanari with 1 gem casting swarm and then skeletons"
yeah i guess morale-less spam is probably the way to do it
it's the an damage that's important
huh, skeletons have an damage?
no bugs do
ah, the skeletons are chaff for the bugs
right
bone throne indies making me cross
on a scale of 1 to bot, claiming the bone throne is a foreverwar
i can do... curse of stones.  this might be an imminent lesson in not dawdling in picking up earthquake
some supporters of the ltv, however, accept the thrust of the "corn theory of value" critique, but emphasise the social aspect of what marx calls the "common social substance", arguing that labor power is unique as it is the only commodity not sold by capitalists but rather sold by the workers themselves, whose income tends to a minimum, because they have nothing else to sell. the surplus product is appropriated by the capitalists. alan freeman argues: "this is of course true of other commodities [than labor power] also; but other commodities do not walk around the market disposing of their income on an equal basis with their owners.
commoditise and face to bloodshed
don't make me put up bot as well
i have bone tribe necromancer. i can always empower 'em
if you really want to be the worstnation in badnations, sure
are you the yellow monkies next to me
or the other monkies
!details

i dunno if i've seen you yet
but i am one of the monkies yes
lmao
it's okay they're p much all all in armour anyway so you have to cast destruction first for it to do anything
even after that the geomancers can stoneskin, unless the ai just doesn't i guess
and my first mage of the game is... a soothsayer with 0s
lol
!details

probably the other monkies then
curse of stones, statues and blade wind might be able to chew through that much chaff.  maybe
could try something fun like an undead, ethreal trampler
rip everyone who fucks with double bless giants
what are my research goals as la ctis
after ench5 and evo6
and construction
im not sure how to diversify out of "lotsa death and some fire"
without indies that have more paths
when rolling big death you can pick up ench 8 for liches, conj 9 for tartarians and ghost riders, alt 6 or 9 for darkness
oh and well of misery is very tasty
oh that was in the wrong channel
but thanks those are good ideas
corncob theory of value
if my temple didn't burn down i would have been fine
!details

to last until cataclysm at least
damn did i really submit my turn yesyterday
thats messed up
conj 7 also good for wraith lords, a good transform for a banefire caster if pricey
corncob theory of value as postulated by the john binch society
(due to having quite a lot of hp and armour so fire shield is useful vs all kinds of chaff as well as being a good caster in general)
john biotch
samog always waits for me to go to bed before he does his turn
very inconsiderate
.tag ewie like samog, but also hitler
therodos army increase will continue to accelerate from his freespawn, especially once caelum has been devoroured.
okay, bot party is over now. everyone can go home
there is always a fresh turn waiting in the morning
[8:16 am] boing: rip everyone who fucks with double bless giants
ü§î . o o ( if i fuck with the double bless giants i can be eliminated faster )
ganjdalf there is one cure
which is to take crystal meth like a japanese fighter pilot so you can stay up 97 hours to do 4 turns
**the**.
!details

has anyone tried out the new invisible arco demons, are they as good as they seem?
haha what happened
i gotta finish this work i'm doing and then re-record the video for this turn, sorry folks
damn sea provinces look scary.
sea trolls and a kraken ??
<@110869804197351424> yes
its a 1 month contract as a freelancer at the moment, hopefully they will agree t otake me on full time afte rthe month
theyve sure invested a lot of effort in teaching me their standards and tools so far so it wouldnt make sense for them to not hire me full time unless i fuck up majorly imo
what the
but also, nice
thanks
jerek more like
uhh
jerk
get paid
btw
>teaching me their standards
job description, **manual writer**
a writer is required to produce a manual for an extremely niche strategy game.

main responsibilities: none.
required skills: none.
outcome measures: n/a
answers to: literally nobody.
the correct response to this was "what standards"
(enjoy's manager, day 1) ok look i'll try and bring you up to speed with how we work around here. first question: how many buttons do you think it's possible to fit into a user interface.
https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/66ff1e8a-800a-408d-bdd7-182ee4083316
you'll go far.
ok therrycrafting goons, help me make a pretender for ea sauro
i was gonna go d7 asleep underworld titan with good good production for lots of heavy cav
hell yeah i think i soul slayed a fairy queen
i cant do it. i cant keep doing this shit. please stop attacking me
i have 8 guys capable of mind hunting ubt i can only find 4 at any one time
(i will keep attacking you)
conj 6 for 3 invisible commanders? and 9 gems?
thats worth it just for the research
spot on analysis as always chum
reall tip top
complex mechanics: obfuscated or presented raw on the main ui in an unexplained manner confusing beginners
also grats
give us an eta <@120675876043096066> this is my only game and i'm jonesing
its true!!
couple hours max, probably less
could be as little as like 40 mins
oh my god im dying
cant u just draw pictures
ok sounds good
or you could save it, then submit and change the name and load it up as a different game
thats illega
they aren't commanders, also they don't have any magic paths
you're attacking me
they do have paths, but you have to gor them
.is jarek submitler
*pats on head* now all you need to do is invade the ocean and win
huh, not implemented that yet
!turns
!details

fud up
they have blood
d1 b1, alright stats
blood access for 9 death, 25 nature
not the worst bootstrap
enjoy - today at 12:26 pm
https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/66ff1e8a-800a-408d-bdd7-182ee4083316
lmfao
lmao <@129317329438769152> remember playing with buff butler and the rest of those assholes
its honestly enough to make you want to kill yourself.
i remmeber you nap breaking!!
although the most painful part of that game was still samog turn stalling
did it
lol
turn is up right now tho
therodos is your problem
im not pointing fingers here but they never got on land on my borders
well the lord of the hunt killed one telestatic animate so far
two
i think two
i could dispel it
but someone
keeps making me waste my pearls!
3 beast attacks <@!169456837236621312> three!
as if the income of my populationless moons weren't low enough already
who are you in the game rocky
moon skeleton
this turn i fought hill wizards. 6 of them, along with 30 amazons and some gryphon riders
beast throne owns
too bad it doesn't reset when it's claimed again
or i'd set up a rotation with jerek
and all i get at the end of it is a 5 income province and the throne of pestilence
hell yes
fuckin' moon skeleton luck man
claim throne of pestilence
another one that doesn't reset sad
funnily this has +death, which will completely neutralise the +growth from the throne of the moon the moon skeletons also have
moon skeletons and moon warriros of mictlan
well, moon and ringworld skeletons
and a little bit of a polar ice cap now too
oh did it actually start you on the ringworld
nah, i'm in 146
but nobody contested the ring world
i think most people are locked into planetary conflicts
and some time soon they will look to the skies ... and see naught but skeletons
then i get attacked from 5 choke points at once
@details
!details

like i say though, moon province income is shit. like 20, at best
lol i only overcast wild hunt by 1 gem
wow, the arctic in pankor 4 is wierd. like a maze of twisty provinces with 1 connection each
yeah this mapmaker loves chokepoints
perhaps too much
.rp
everyone please direct all spare astrals gems to notable bot dispeller bandar log
everyone please direct all spare astrals gems to notable bot enabler sceleria
so i can turn them into death gems
no beast attacks
i did get a +5 unrest event though
hey, i'm pulling out. you got my faery fair and square.
nice
you keep saying that
but you keep fucking being a lying little worm about it
turmoil 3, misfortune 2, and so far i've been handed 3 azure mages for free
no, you've rebuffed all my requests for a truce
my terms were extremely reasonable
"sacrifice your leftover sacreds onto the pyres of eternal friendship"
you'd have had that throne four turns earlier if you'd just let them leave
i did! they didnt leave fast enough!
why cant oyu just be nice and cool and good
hahaha nice
theres a peg in m capital
don't you have luck 1 bug squash
oh wait right, i'm looking at my drain scale
i'd probably be handed 7 of them if i'd taken misfortune
!details

<@97756994454188032> failheim
smelheim
fuck ishould have said smelheim
it's 20 innit
oh i was hella scrolled up
rip
smolheim.
not thinking about machaka
which size 1 unit is smollest
besides bugs
isnt there a size 1 1 hp ghost
actually wait the real smollest is wil-o-wisp
ghost of a bug
shrimp
lol
ghost shrimp
!details

jbre my offer of peace for money and going away still stands
otherwise i will have to continue to kill all the mages in your capital
bugs from worm that walks
question
does ma mictlan have anything going for it?
it looks really not great
but the theme is cool
yes it is a very good nation in fact
recruit anywhere sacreds
i guess recruit anywhere sacreds are always some level of good
i'm just comparing to the other mictlans
its human troops are usable and cheap, air bless is good nowadays, and its sacreds own
the non-cap mages look mediocre
relative to the era it is better than la if you build blood on your pg
but i may undervalue n?
non cap mages are always mediocre for mictlan
n and s are both good
everything you love about mictlan, except blood
getting into blood as mictlan is extremely very easy
to be fair  recruit anywhere b1 mages are great
oh yeah ma mictlan loses smoking mirror
you have a blood 5 spell that makes more blood mages for a princely 36 slaves, also they're a stealthy scary ethereal commander that brings back the dead
everyone i want you to see something
and gets some shitty water nature mage instead
behold
https://imgur.com/jidc243
thats a war crime
turns out love can bloom, even on a batlefield, aobut 90% of the time
holy shit did that just happen, and in what game?
a sexy war crime
it totally happened in a game
tfw when the batchelors are so eligible you can't even find them on the dancefloor anymore
that my friends is what happens when you invade into 9 candle domstrength of dark skies pan in momoney
then stale a turn
i guess when the skies are bleak you look anywhere for comfort
the comely wench meme
!details

that clip where cao cao sends ladies to yuan shao's army to fluster them while they have heir standoff
that is 4 troll kings
with gems and boots
https://puu.sh/zmsml/9730dd6de3.png why does this fucking dogshit training thing have harder password requirements than my bank
.tag ramc troll king
these a
re
so fucking bad
fuck you
https://youtu.be/7qbbs8opdwy?t=36m23s
plz post that in thread as a reply tia
i seduced a dust king too loll
gross
-10 morale is serious
how many gems worth of commanders is 4 troll kings and a dust king
so many fucking kings
that is around 300 gems of commander
gotta keep my pan rep somehow
incidentally @conot or possible <@184675842432040960> whichever of you anime posters was besmirching ma mictlan this god fixes all their problems instantly
<@153656281448710145> ma mictlan is stronger now
before, ten thousand eagle warriors on attack rear died to t1 storm
that is far harder to pull off and requires staff of storms
mmmm +33 events, +30% bad events. delicious.
yes
lmao if you believe misfortune
t1 mis3 is free points sorry if you didn't autistically sift through events like us
take 4 pd to avoid villains and the worst events you will usually see are hurricanes and the dreaded barbarian invasion
no quickness on that god smh
a7w10 is baseline
or w10 with +strength
a5 its mictlan
you got 2 attacks and you don't have the frost father on the nation
im talking bless points whatever the freebies bring it down to
lmao ramc is that seduce under dark skies
-9 morale
10 mate
-1 for enemy dominion
does cheap quickness make la mictlan actually playable?
no
i think it doesn't since their recruitable sacreds do not do well versus la indies
you should take awake god with one bless and scales
did u fukkin see this monkey https://puu.sh/zmsml/9730dd6de3.png
abcabc123!
or maybe abcde123!
this is to log in to a training portal that i will never ever use again
nice
nuclear monkey this man invaded into dark skies
against pan?
and then staled a turn
against momoney pan
theres ur first mistake
playing momoney
the first mistake was indeed that
jsoh just make the password a mage whose paths you remember
herne10000!
a2d1b2h2(100%adb)raksharaja
ez
ne tun nrn nrenn nrnrnen ntrnejgjre
and hope their dictionary does not include larzm42.github.io
big feels here
after i put in a passwrod it has logged me in as some other fucking guy
and some other fucking guy doesnt have access to the courses i need to take
https://twitter.com/magatsula/status/962980159589617664
only the finest sekuritey
billion dollar corporations
make your password your badge id and see if they notice.
its not my pass word
or my badge
its fuckin duncan riendeau
lol duncan nocash
rip
does that mean he doesnt stop at red traffic lights or that he has never been pegged by one?
do wolfs have upkeep
are the good dogs
you could do a lot worse than a traffic cone, it has the base that would stop it from going on
in not on
maybe it will stop you
not me.
is <@181529528307417090> tienchi
you should register
second level funny: the anime man takes a break from bragging about how alpha he is to be self deprecating
.tag jsoh overzealous traffic cone sex enthusiast
<@114740794476331015> i can keep playing coastal province chicken as long as you like
alternatively, attack someone less likely to star throwing thunderstrikes at your dumb sacreds
lmao good. password suggestion jbre
that's possibly the best password i've ever seen
implement all of my ideas enjoy
only implement the bad ones, so all of them
<@!160127200803160064> who are you?
the bot doesnt work for me so dont bother giving me instructions
which side of mine are you on
fucking with tnn is always the right decision buddy!!
rip in piss
attn: fans of bad hru games
i'll be putting up some new bad dumb game at some point maybe this weekend
nuclear monkeys avatar lmao
did his av change
http://fi.somethingawful.com/safs/titles/f8/81/00152856.0001.png
ah yeah
lmao
yike

i am accepting concessions
is the bot dead
:demilich:
!details

<:raid:373229872581181442>
samogggg
samog do the bad turn
why
b-because i want to do my next turn
!details

fuck
new turn new turn new turn
<@282646158218756116> that is the attack sprite on the pythium orgy satyr
he is the only one who is fully erect
for real?
https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/images/sprites/1881_2.png
u go little guy
>when u rockin a stiffy
tfw the reveler organizes a wild orgy in the woods with the sacrifice of a virgin as the climactic finale. the orgy will attract a satyr intent on uninhibited fornication. during the orgy six women will be struck by the madness of the wild, shedding all clothes and civilized manners and turning to the wild as raging maenads. the satyr will remain after the orgy to lure more women into the wild.
his attack sprite just looks like he's waving it around
it's perfect really
they have seduce also. a pathless male seducer
he's super good
if i talk for half an hour about every dominions 5 turn, and i am not eliminated before the cataclysm, i will probably have created something like 35 hours of terrible youtube footage
nice
step it up dude
this winter i listened to eighty five hours of podcast about a 1.5 million word long web serial novel
the best part of wasting your life recording dominions five is having youtube act as a life wasting multiplier
hm better talk for an hour about every turn
gues what else: i read the 1.5 million world long web serial. twice
was that worm?
maybe i'll start in on that when i run out of renegade immortal
ya
maybe i will start reading real books again
think i might be able to make enough money to eat food and pay rent and shit by writing things on the internet, which seems superior to beating my car to death driving other people's food around
we'll see
my generic commander has turned into a skinshifter thanks to his lycan amulet that he picked up
have you read worm before
he has recieved his complimentary greatsword from the society of werethings
not even a little
this is in a different game
hahaha
are those cursed?
well, its good
the parts of it that are good are very good
yeah i remember you recommending it before, i am serious about checking it out
the parts of it that are bad are almost physically painful, which may be intentional
neat
also it has a sequel or whatever , being written literally right now the guys wirting it now to post it in a couple hours
adn you can talk to him about his process and give feedback and stuff on irc or whatever which is neat and he seems like a swell guy.
that's very neat too
where does his irc live
irc.parahumans.net
on like, a billion channels
heh
okay i can figure it out from there
i dont know if theres one for not spoilers or not
probably not a tonight project though
he gets mildly annoyed if you say him name beacuse it pings him
lol
irc
makes sense
quiet monday on the internet
except for nevermore
yeah, orgy is a fantastic spell, for 1 slave you get big dick satyr, who has 40 leadership, stealth and seduction. he can also summon monster: maenad
oh, and you also get 6 maenads when you cast the spell
the suck worm
this map makes eme want t odie
!details

secrets of the succ worm
in the latest episode of 'burden of time'...
how many sites can one province have
i think 8?
like whats hte maximum site level
that doesnt count buildable stuff hto right
8 total sites period
the exact number is probably in the manual
temples and stuff are not sites
lmao
someone in the ausgbs thread started talking about modpud all of a sudden
in the context of mechwarrior online
i still play that game occasionally
lol
the max site number is probably different in dom5
game keeps hanging when i try to end turn
!details

does perpetual storm cause unrest?
probably. everything does
!details

!details

summary: caelum being eaten by everyone, therodos increases lead on all metrics, and has caelum capital under siege. he also has pinged the throne of the pantokrater (check that one out). also, someone is spending a terrifying amount of gems.
stay tuned next turn, or as long as eyes of god lasts
next turn should be fun
haha what you got planned?
making the reddit face as i dispel a level 9 global
well
has he
*shrugs* it's overcast by even less than lord of the hunt buddy
you be smarter prepping for the ghostpocalyse
because demiurge has just summoned a metric shitload of something...
no one knows
but probably not
there's still more than an hour left on the timer
whoops
i forgot to script my guys
i put a lot of guys in the province though i bet its fine.
did it move out of your dom that had a water breathing bless slash did you have some water breathing effect that wore off
its a water queen sounds like
that wasn't me
i am beautiful good person tir na n'og
caelum decided to pick a fight with yomi while being assaulted by therodos??
some top tier level strategy there
"i know, i'll piss off the scary demons while i'm already being consumed by ghosts"
<@185694323407454218> define terrifying amount of gems
if the formula remains the same, something like 200 gems got spent, but probably half can be accounted for by other players
brewing in the deepest of cauldrons, baffled by the absence of sun.
i'm burning a lot of my backstock of gems in forging shit
not anywhere near 200 gems but that probably accounts
for some proportion
ok, that makes a lot of sense. less apocalyptic than i assumed
i wonder how many of the kings/ queens are out
what's a good bless for bogarus?
in lmao i got all the air queens, both earth kings and about to summon the water queens
in 2001 i don't even have conj8
also rlyeh has 8 wooden statue priests
no bless
make lots of the knights
!details

i don't see any royalty and i'm looking real hard
!details

unfortunately you may be waiting a while, i won't get a chance to do my turn for like
9 hours
oh yea my bad
for some reason i thought queen of the deeps was like an atlantis commander or smth
i thought it got dispelled last turn
gz for taking out ermor btw
!details

new version today or very soon
featuring i think ma mekone
there's some monsterism for ma mekone, right?
yep
i hope its actually good
<@96715337440952320> where do you get your insider knowledge
he's a beta tester
oh cool.
also <@96715337440952320> please make your silt mod edit the descriptions of affected spells so it is clear what they do
it does
i looked at lichcraft in lanights and its still about the caster taking a willing necromancer and making him a lich
heres hoping ma/la mekone makes more interesting use of promotion
compared to ea mekone "hey you're not a slave anymore"
but apparently it's their winter half term holidays next week in sweden so it should be properly out
if they stick to their word and release a beta today i'll leak some deets
based on the monsterism theme it'll probably be a case of the gigantes anti-god crusade having fallen apart in the face of helot revolts and the like
they get more monstrous + bigger over time
and i'm assuming it's the perioci guys who do well rather than the helotes but we shall see
ye easiltyomimod still has the same spell descriptions.
when i looked at the wraith spell.
right time to see if changing the spell names makes it work
sorry about that everyone
thats the stupidest thing in the universe
if they become bigger and more monstrous and eat people like in hinnom i welcome an even greater density of unrest and pop loss events
ok the spell description can only be changed by changing the spell names
thats messed up
ya it's fucked
anyway i'll get a new version up
new spell names might actually be good for the mod
bc its immediately obvious to someone who doesn't know the mod is running that something is different
ok gimme a minute to change the picture
you can probably update the mod mid game right
nnnnno, don't think so
you can
not on snek.earth
i mean the spells do actually work beyond the stupid name/descr issue, that i did test
oh well
thats ok
(hence why there is a renewal thing, because i realised 10130 doesn't de-age like a normal transform)
is de-aging important when you turn yourself into a skeleton and/or vampire
also how does the transformation work exactly, do you lose your paths and get lich paths
you don't
you keep your paths
so you just change chassis
effectively yes
thats good i guess but im not sure i would pay gems for it
rename worm that walks to forverially autocomposticized with the obvious description.
boing if you can cast p much any of the spells you have at least as good magic as the chassis provides, and this means that casters with other paths don't lose out, too
it's good
isn't the main point of spells like lichcraft and worm that walks for bootstrapping up paths
no
it's for making immortal mages to cast things like plague or 99999 bugs/howl without very much risk at all of losing them permanently
ok that too
https://www.dropbox.com/s/fh9i4pyhrcr28rc/silt_v2.zip?dl=0 here is a link; i'll update the one in mods too
https://www.dropbox.com/s/fh9i4pyhrcr28rc/silt_v2.zip?dl=0 <- silt v2
i will probably make one (1) lich
foreverially composted, completely covered in mulch, fully and completely wormicized with limbs fully and permanently transformed into bugs and worms and insects and entirely crawling around forever as worms and grubs and loving it.
sadly i did not do that mu
horrifically grotesque and unable to die and enjoying it.
also with the powerful #onlymnr command it is theoretically possible to add 850 new spells to transform different commanders into different immortal things
what's onlymnr
monster-specific spells without using items that are specific to commanders
only works with rituals, sadly
man that + the transform command is exactly what i wanted for glitch mod spells.
that'll be cool for bugmod too.
i was gonna do a prophet shape where if you prophet a bug queen she turns into a cool immobile freespawn hive or something
you could have a spell some dudes can cast to go into a cocoon.
but that is good too
and come out beautiful.
cocoon with a montag based xpshape
so you could get different results
nice.
the main thing slowing me down is sprites
its much harder to make good bugman sprites than good arab on camel sprites
oh are they humanoid bugs
they are mantis people but they carry spears and shields
at least the shitty workers and drones do
is it mantis only
maybe bug soldiers don't need weapons because they are specialised for battle
there are different castes with different bits taken from various different bugs
i dont have the sprite folder on my work laptop sadly.
do they get mantis shrimps from undersea forts
good idea.
is there a national hero named brundle
<@173950598138298368>  please add deleting/updating mods to snek
i'm an ideas guy.
that is also good
its hard to think of names for bugs.
in terms of #nametype or in terms of just for the units
as in nametype yes
i dont want to do the tired thing of having scifi bug names like chxkik or tkichix
chris, dave, kev, etc.
i'd give them three part descriptive names.
i decided they are culturally southern african but it feels weird to have bugs with names like malebogo and akanyang
johnners/rollo/quentin the bug king
like, how do their mouth parts make those sounds
so they're all named like dark fast claw and large pale swift.
thats not bad
if they're drones.
boing it is much easier than that - simply explain that those are the names their human interpretors give them
hmm do they live with humans
of course, everyone in dominions land does
everyone in ea is shitty humans or has shitty human slaves i guess
elysium = humans with some weird shit going on
mu's idea is also nice though
i gave glitches names like that in glitchmod where they're all like
#addname "colourful complex"
#addname "cracked complex"
#addname "vivid hypercomplex"
#addname "shattered hypercomplex"
#addname "blinding real"
#addname "damaged real"
#addname "twinkling transcendental"
#addname "split transcendental"
#addname "bright transfinite"
#addname "broken transfinite"
#addname "flashing ordinal"
#addname "cracked ordinal"
#addname "jagged ordinal"
#addname "vibrant hyperreal"
#addname "incandescent hyperreal"
#addname "mangled hyperreal"
#addname "brilliant surreal"
#addname "smashed surreal"
#addname "dazzling infinitesimal"
etc.
my idea for ma was that they lose their individuality and intelligence and become a centrally controlled hivemind
and that might work well for that
instead of all the names being drone 271, drone 284
and then someone said in la they should all be infected by cordyceps and i think that's dope
nice.
and become like asphodel with mild growth-based popkill
but i dunno if that can be modded
it absolutely can be modded yeah
nice.
if growth kill pop.
i dunno is cordyceps stronger in growth dom or death dom
you could make a case for both
get this boing
why not both
it's your mod, you get to choose
get this: its like ragha but with death/growth instead of heat/cold
good news
death rec exists
bad news
it doesn't work like heat/cold rec at all
and is just a money thing
so you'd have to do the completely lame fix of site-based recruitment where the sites changed based on dominion
bah
is sa down again
it's possible, but it does cut down on free site numbers
works for me mu
can you update the silt mod in siltyomimod game or will it break teh game
its also on snek so i guess not
all i can update is the turn timer i'm afraid
as i said earlier the actual mechanical elements of the mod work, it's just the name/descr thing being unclear that's the problem, sorry i didn't catch that at the time
i cant believe you invaded me in that game mu.
do you mean the one provice i took from you that was at least two provinces away from your contiguous territories
that was mine by the doctrine of spoils of war.
i cant believe it.
<@178868273935417344> i have acquired death 2
prepare for the new game of the new patch
mekone 2: mekone
i already spent all my gems owning myself
maybe next turn i can alchemize
turns out bless bogarus is b a d
rip and gg
cordyceps la sounds cool
'all manner of fruits and legumes'   another good pretender name imo.
titan of growth and rebirth
why dont pretender chassis have scale preferences
growth titan should like growth imo
statue of order should like order
i should get a discount on my demilich if i choose death3
pretender scale preferences would be dope
boing why doesnt the robot have a kevin command to make pretender names
its not straightforward to scrape all the kevin quotes
did you ask samog to ask the robot guy
he said something about a crocodile
!details

how am i not dead yet
i dont storm without checking what's inside first
<@399465886219763713> your land has so much more gems than my land
rude
also what could i possibly have inside that would more then inconvenience you
we did it, team
the advantage of having all the paths
a single swarm caster
got a spam email that has invisible text at the bottom which looks like an enormous tech support chatlog. wanted to share.
i mean, that's something i could theoretically have but a 3 n master shugenja is a 4% roll
cool that moving magic items onto commanders is still bad.
dominions interface amazing
you can see slightly more detail while moving gems and stuff around but it must remain bad
did you know you can put your mouse on a item and press l and it goes to the lab
nice.
i did not
pretty sure that has been in since dom3
swarm is an n one spell
is this not what people mean by swarm?
no just swarm
its good
alt4 spell
mother of god ...
make 20++ bug n1 for one green gem
if you have alt4 kindly do not place bug gems on all of your troops tia
though my giants will brutally destroy them with a single strike, they would hit their kill limit and shut down if there were 200+ bugs on the field
bugs are small and have good defense skill
wow skeletons are powerful
rip me
i lost my god and all my vanheres and storm demons this turn
to like, 5 horde of skeletons casters
im bad.
lmao did demon gate events happen or something
i'm so bad i should be in detention.
u are v good. you got almost 15 provs by t9!!!
unimaginable expansion rate
i remember one dom 3 game playing as stupid bless helheim i had 29 provinces at end of year one
that was on faerun and i had no real neighbors
<@!169456837236621312>'s personal best is 4 provinces by turn 9 so he has a long way to go.
a hard fought four
!details

!details
me, a sage: three.
112 provinces by the end of year one. yeah, it's this one. my insane pace.
update 5.14c: supply items for throne defenders
nice
did they fix bvc
what's up with bvc?
doesn't disease
did i see something about the reaper tag not diseasing enemies anymore/
it doesn't disease anyone but the guy holding it
i thought it was working in surrounded but bot is also up, i'll ask
"fix for disease spreader not affecting units" is in 5.14c apparently
very good
"less defenders in waste" üôè
fukd up
more waste less steed.
the
i'm as surprised as you are
lmao ok the new ma faction is some sheepherding cyclopedes and humans
the balance + paths are all over the place but fundamentally that is amusing
the other faction which i was not expecting to be ma is basically ma berytos
also they have a cap site that makes people age at half rate
whereas the one that's mekone again is i think complete shit, the one that's berytos has really really good storm + air mage access so i think they might be good
that's my take after about 10 minutes
oh they also get an absolutely bitchin dominion effect which is called dark vessels, which is an unlimited size boat for their commanders inside their own dominion
<@96715337440952320> is ma mekone the long awaited sacred goat fielding nation!?
sheep
fucked up
feels like reaper shouldn't disease the holder
there's at least 1 devil with the reaper tag and they aren't immune
the game is somewhat funny about diseases and demons
oni can literally reform their body from their raw soul but will still have lost limbs/be diseased
dominions early game: some men with spears attack your province.
dominions mid game: some men with spears attack your province. behind them, a wizard throws fireballs.
dominions late game: the sun goes out. all your provinces are simultaneously attacked by screaming flying skeletons made of metal. the sky rains blood and your people all spontaneously die of leprosy.
<@96715337440952320> are there sacred sheep
this is important
i'll have a shufti but it's not looking good so far
i have lost the ability to feel human
because of the restraining order
no sacred sheep, swans
sad
at least ill always have boars
whatever happened to the british empire mod?
brexit
the natives destroyed it and then they self owned repeatedly
i want to see a domkill blood nation
that sounds bad
my horror nation is exactly that
pick blood on aspho's pd bing bong very simple
is ma azothia domkill
yes that
domkill unrest generating blood nation
i like the float cat god
that horror marks (cap only)
i want the smerv
i feel like these guys are going to get owned in autumn or maybe winter
also love the idea of completely shit prec undisciplined ungulates patrolling the land
can't believe the throne of goats has been ported into the base game.
it owns
mekone is, so awful, in both eras lol
ma has sheep
therefore it is good
does it make regular sheep
their cap only unit in ma is a worse version of an ea gigante stat wise but also without a shield and with worse armour
(still not sacred)
cause i want to trigger the dragon attack intentionally, as often as possible
https://i.imgur.com/u6lrmnq.png?1
throne of goats ftw
ok their shepherds it appears from 2 turns of testing only make mouflons
and don't even domsummon sheep
i am noting this down disapprovingly for my day 0 balance/more good + fun mod
as well as telling iw ofc

good, good, ma mekone retains the piece of shit troop that refuses to be led by a mere human feature, but also starts with a human sized commander
is mekone an elaborate troll?
mekown
i dont htink theres anything elaborate about it
there is nothing elaborate at all about what a troll it is imo
just "sparta sucks and we made it into a bunch of factions which are bad"
there is a small redeeming feature for ma mekone which is that their research is not extremely overpriced, and they have death on their cap only gigante
however the faction is p much begging to get taken turmoil/sloth 3 in a game where those are a death sentence for your nation
ok their cap only important mage is also a berserker, lol
do they balance with mp in mind? a lot of the time it feels like they dont
of course they balance with mp in mind, that's why every time jk loses to something it gets much worse/more expensive (see wot5e at 35g each)
i nee urn
and i'm surprised that i'm still alive and even winning battles
what are you doing, ubaten?
!details

yeah. it really really is
the first step is acknowledging you have a problem
thank you ma mekone for this fine sprite
(nb: may have originally been a spear not a guitar)
god every time i open a case with cisco i have to spell out my stupid ass username via nato phonetic alphabet
lmao
and hear the incredulous "n-u-c-l-e-a-r-m-o-n-k-e-e nuclearmonkee?" over the phone
"yes, the famous youtuber :smuggo:"
not my fault you fuckers. when i made this it was just for testing it wasn't hooked into customer accounts
and they wont let me change the username
if i actually had someone recognize the name i would have to play the lottery immediately
lol
im just glad it wasn't obscene. when i made this i was like 20 something years old and i would name my stuff random shit sometimes
ah yes cisco user idiotfucker69 how can i help you
cause when you join a company and have to manage their shit, they need your cisco id to authorize it
idiotfucker69, vip
being bad at dominions
and elf fighting
thanks to you, i'm now a little less bad because i played dominions for years without ever noticing the synergy between having a flying army and a mage with earth magic. but when you imprisoned me in my cap, i suddenly had a lot of time to think about how to break out
(please don't notice how i've spend years not noticing this incredible obvious thing=
)
cool i have a youtube video made in 2008 that is tassadar crashing his carrier into the wold trade centers
glad i helped!
!details

!details

<@96715337440952320> ok their cap only important mage is also a berserker, lol
fuckin lmao
<@184675842432040960> that sounds like a pretty good video
<@!160127200803160064> you are those monkies. rude.
don't claim the throne of bones!!
that palisade was 1 turn away from completion. foreverwar
don't think of me as monkies
think of me as skeletons with flesh on summoned by the throne of bones
so, you have brought about your own downfall!
!details

!details

!details

massive possible agartha buff next patch
they are thinking about making boulders not utterly crush people's arms to bits but leave the rest of them unscathed, to help phlegra which is the ma mekone piece of shit faction
but more importantly to help ea agartha 30 range boulder meme bless
did you know that you can't change apple account ids without phoning up tech support?
so yeah, when i signed up as mr. fuck you to get rid of the annoying popup then work made me sign up for an ios developer account a year later...
lol
psst, can i have some turns
that's what the nice indian lady on the phone said, too
lnao
aoe 1 boulders plox
more like phlegmgra
correct
if they make boulders aoe that will be insane
aoe things cannot be blocked or parried
without shield prot it is pretty much not possible to survive an agarthan boulder as anything smaller than a giant
holy shit <@275205678010859520> that was the worst battle i've ever seen in my life. all my good units surged forward while my chaff and my mages stood at the back doing nothing. then your archers spent several turns shooting your god in the back.
they are not making them aoe
they are giving them (probably) the same "always hits body" code as aoe has
hopefully they fuck it up and confer cannot be blocked with it
i just wanna see six markata get squished by a single boulder
welcome 2 da pebel pouch meta
<@404222134949380106> needs to catch up with the meta
where the fuc kis the bag of thunderbolts thinking of pebble pouch
if pebble pouch was aoe1 it would be made more often than never
illwinter
lmao
im just glad that bvc not diseasing units was a bug

he attempted to form a union at the hyperfactory and had to be fired into space as a result
space "rollercoaster" promise: fullfilled
i have had bvcs parked on ea ermor's cap for several turns and i didnt know about this bug
it'll still fuck ea ermor's day up since they rely on 46 rec units
frank stringini did the artwork for roger ramrod
by that point i'd summoned enough skeles to route the chaff and the mages at the back
apparently they rely on having 5 horde of skeletons casters that my sophisticated elf/demon based army is completely unable to deal with
have you considered using the powerful "swarm" spell
which absolutely devastates skeletons, and more things than just that
maybe my n2 god could cast it but he died to skeletons because he's a berserk dog.
if you are elves though
where is your n1
im vanheim
or are you the other kind of elf
fighting skeletons is just vanir those things you have to deal with eventually
i should cast air elemental
did they fix the bvc bug?
air elementals are a piece of shit in 5
really
what changed
yes because they are very easy to bring to 0 defence, and they proc attacks every time they encounter a new square of things that hasn't attacked yet
in fact i might bring that up
it might actually have been the 50 turn limit
how can you tell?
oh well thats good i guess bc they were stronger than every other elemental before
yeah unsurroundable lots on all elementals might be good
air especially tho
is trampling in general worse now
trampling is in general more dangerous for the trampler
however
rip la ctis freespawn chariot strat
it is hard to completely fuck up by being 1 square off setting up
which is less swingy i guess
also ctis freespawn chariot is still v plausible due to only proccing 1 set of fresh attacks per turn
<@230792589580697600> are we actually forever warring
shit is
why is that
boing did you consider casting a magic like wrathful skies
and deleting all of the skelespammers
(and also all your vanir)
or, black hearted shithead ponymen
if you have w10 a vanjarl on the chad script of attack closest with a water bless thing or a shroud will kill a mage before it can act
black heart is a nice idea
it's excruciatingly frustrating
if people start retreating out of nowhere
ponymen are bullshit
the virgin communion. the chad script.
they just zip right up to the guy and kill them instantly
it might be too late though
30 blood slave honour guard for every important mage vs vanir
you can also do this with pan hierophants but you have dryads so lmao
depends, are you going to give me my throne back and 1,000 gold to compensate for the palisade?
<@282646158218756116> i'm appreciative of "male seeking male personal, master of disease"
lol
that's a pretty good ephitet
how's that different from a good old hp route
this guy thinks palisades cost 1000 gold.
wait their morale will still be high first right?
this guy thinks the time value of three scout turns is 400 gold
whereas if it was a normal route it'd all be v low
those  pygmies really let machaka down in melee
i'm not giving you back your event cancer throne if you're going to claim it
rip all my morrigans though
if thats a dealbreaker for you, then fine, i just want to confirm our diplomatic status
affliction resistance sucks when it only works in your own dominions, antlion is a cripple
!unit morrigan
<@148098869782118401>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=morrigan&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
dead now
!details
<@160127200803160064>: error: received an unexpected status code
apparently not
i needturns

i havent had a turn in ;li,e t w2 days
if you touch this throne you're getting it too boing
i'm not against stomping on romans
!details
i keep thinking of the elephant pulling the spheres of shit out of the other elephant's asshole and eating them

thatvideo really stuck with me
well, i'll take my turn in a sec
but you're shit out of luck with tnn
elephant eating another elephant's shit is a good pretender name
no im just pro monkeys and boars fighting and rolling around in dirt
jbrereton did you suggest the warning about ending the turn with a commander who can't breathe in his prov
along with the other warnings
it's okay, it just means i have to roll out my secret weapon three turns early
no fuck you. having that warn is against the spirit of the game
p.s., the secret weapon is boars
also i appreciate that steam puts my screenshots as my background for the game
having a nexus caster asphyxiate in a game, eliminating me instantly was the highlight of that game
so now i have the mega-seduction screencap as my background
i was screaming at my father to stop and hitting him in the face with a can but the can burst and the spinach spilled into his mouth and it just made him even stronger
it is different from a good old hp rout in that it can happen to for example immobiles that are doing some kind of abysmal cripple fight with each other
hey, i'm busy at the moment. only get once chance to do a turn most days
monolith vs tree where both are completely incapable of hurting one another
and eventually they will just die
.q walgreets
that was a legendary battle
nothing could defeat the tree.
!details

!unregister
<@160127200803160064>: removing user <@160127200803160064> from all nations in game lanights
omfg bogarus actually gets indies as fort defense
nicetry.txt
rip
i expect only positive events in jomon with the spectre of anime lifted
the bot is getting more and more mean
please make a list of people with the wrong fort defenders
also it tried to register for a game at least one time
so i can say "hey these are the factions that should get some fort defenders" to illwinter
helheim gets serf archers even though the nation does not have recruitable archers
you say that like the cancer of anime is so easily lifted
you have merely touched the poop
arcosephalae still has generic 'mounted commander' as their starting commander
meanwhile, forgotten shithead nations just get whatever indies fall into the pile of garbage
this is the turn
i least wanted ot play
leave ure posts out of this.
oni shruggo
arcoscephale gets mounted commanders as a national commander type cryle
its generic
it needs a greek name
herodude
hierodude
sure let's waste an id to call them a hipparchos
wtf was that
my melias just melted to the watchrs
yes yes
they had copper plates!
:bison:
watchers r scary
no, don't use the id. we might run out!
are they adding a ma berytos
although tbh i wouldn't put it past illwinter to have a 6 bit field
they're, cryle
2^10, even
link
holy shit the therodos battle at the throne of the pantokrater
there is no link binch
link me now
take my word for it i'm a beta tester
how bad was it
i am so salty
.!.. there's yer link
gimme death numbers, i enjoy other's misery
i'm still watching it on max speed
i'll give you the deets for free

i mean, you killed the watchers
still one berzerk hoplite left
it's a cheap outcome for me
so thats something
so it's ma berytosparta?
you're a beta alright
what if... we combined the worst aspects of berytos and mekone and made a nation?
there's ma berytosparta right
and then also just ma mekone
but it's called ma plegma or what have you
oh it's actually two nations net
the watcher routed and disappeared to 1 hoplite!
ma smegma u mean
ma berytosparta is actually good beyond its kind of shit human troops, like the original
good hoplite
now how do i take out the fucking monolith with basic troops
doesn't have blood but has very good air mages and a cool dominion effect that means they can always move infinity stuff on magic boats
my melia's went rip
as well as being sailors with smaller boats normally
berytos with no blood sounds epic ftw, frankly
recruit more melias and finish the monolith before yomi finds that throne
--blood ++air is okay
++ air and quite a lot of + astral
they are pirates
they aren't pirates
do they still have beryto's national summons
finally a pirate nation
make pirate nation
the pirate nation is jomon
that‚Äôs ninjas
nation with hardcoded island start
jomon is the dumpster fire natio
it's both
yes much like pirates
ninjas can‚Äôt be pirates it‚Äôs against internet memes circa 2003
they don't get berytos' stuff at least for now monkee they're more similar to pelagia summonwise
they have what appears to be a summer summonable only f3s3n2h2 mage with all sorts of awe and ethereality and so on
called a hesperide
(f3s1 35f gems)
are there any good cheap summons. i don't care about vanity garbage summons
like a 10 fire gem dude that's a fucked up tiny version of that
so yeah, turn report: caelum busted out; throne of the pantokrater now defended by single monolith; maverni facing a coastal invasion, and a small army is moving in on the throne of creation.
so far, and keeping in mind this nation is described by iw as not yet finished and they'll git er done over the winter holidays next week, there aren't
my dom is about to link up across the equator
i just want to play the sheep fuckers
sad they don't get regular sheep though
what about goats
from the event
they get ~mouflons~
how do i register my game on snek with the bot
i want a sacred mouflons that dom summons sheep and goat
like the boar, but worse in every way
!help
<@255835336083636234>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !start <address:port> [<alias>]: register a started server for a lobby game
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
<@275205678010859520> use !add
!details

!add snek.earth:30077 [geneva]
<@275205678010859520>: error: connection refused (os error 111)
nice
is the game up?
it exists on sne
are you starting a new game
woo boy
yes
a new game
someone trying to get more new turn fix
geneva convention, ma, no water no ermor no nazca no pan
these house rules are getting insane
well bot can't connect to it
got the right address and port?
!add server.beandog.co:5434 [chillun]
<@184675842432040960>: error: unique constraint failed: started_servers.address
!add snek.earth:30077 [geneva]
<@275205678010859520>: error: connection refused (os error 111)
ban every nation except ma goatfuckers
<@184675842432040960> shit that's a bug give me 2 mins to fix the db
you got any more of those new turns
decent turn for me
whats a good water nation to play that wont make me want to die
sad about the monolith
super glad density went ai in nazca so we can stop doing 66 hour turns, even though his boar army will probably pillage my lands firt
<nation not found>
he gave in to the pain that was father illearth just spamming lmao boars are u serious
down with water nations that want to leave hte sea, up with coastal nations that want to go into the water
!add server.beandog.co:5434 chillun
and slaying them in their hundreds
<@255835336083636234>: successfully inserted with alias chillun
!details chillun

!register c'tis chillun
<@184675842432040960>: registering nation c'tis for user <@184675842432040960>
ty
the secret to boars is taking a hellscalles+++++ bless and rolling the ice on not being invaded and also having dumbass newbies send you a hundred n gems
oh shit im sending someone n gems in mekone right now
the secret to boars is not going 1) make boars 2)
because eventually, someone will produce a unit that is size four and can tank infinite boars
this one in particular can also withstand meteors and has thirty six mr
nice ill play
the secret to boars is - larger bless
i will play but you hav eto un ban pan
what if.. you make your boars larger with the
oh no
he has large bless
in that case he is undefeatable
by even the powerful buffalo
need bot to recognie my game first
father illearth says lmao size 4 get real
why would i ever allow pan
so i could play pan
ma pan is merely op instead of the lmao wtf ea
you can play asphodel and be grateful
i thought ma pan was worse than ea pan
asphodel more like garbage hell
i grabbed some land, killed the watchers, dom still spreading
since its just pan, armored
i want ot be xibalba
!add snek.earth:30077 [geneva]
<@275205678010859520>: error: connection refused (os error 111)
ma pan is weaker than ea pan
ill just remake it
ma pan is different to ea pan and a bit weaker
there are really not many ma nations
however that's like saying my hydrogen bomb is weaker than an older atomic weapon
however it is strong as fuck compared to most ma garbage
like consider how piss poor most mages are in ma compared to their ea equivalents
sadly ma pan has to actually use gold ot purchase forts
a significant weakness compared to ea
yeah, you're graphs are pretty good atm
they also pay an absolutely extortionate 500 gold for a lab in a forest
yeah it's fucked up
rlyeh's cap is slowly being whittled down by my candles
then vengeful waters kicks in
!add snek.earth:30078 [geneva]
<@275205678010859520>: error: connection refused (os error 111)
but it'll be too late, so i'm mostly ignoring that front atm becaues of the cataclysm
!add dom5.snek.earth:30078 geneva
<@255835336083636234>: error: connection refused (os error 111)
fucking weird
let me try connecting to it from ingame
ma arco doesn't get orphics, fucked up
prepping my only throne to fight doom horrors üòÑ
maybe you can pull it off
ya only la arco gets the insanely good orphic mystics
<@275205678010859520> i can't connect from ingame either, so you're doing something wrong or snek is broken
spellsinging hos casters yes please
some of whom you can put into communion
ya
hmm i've never played ma man
is spell singing legit
they are good now
ma man has national communion spells
if they can actually cast yet they're good
didn't they fix that last patch
no idea, i don't play ma man
im gonna play man with the powerful warden bless
probably
don't warden bless in ma. they don't have xbows
it's just an idiot with a 2h sword
ah but monkee
the bless also applies to the dauntless cu sidhe
a yes the large green dog that sucks dick
your national unit is the large beetle
oh their sprite looks cool but actually their stats are shit, thats bad
should i start pretender upload
in la they put an xbow on and are actually worth buying if you have a pigu bless. not as a priority, but to raid with
and pigu also provides n which you need as la
fucked up than la doesn't get a teleport capable priest natively
yeah
this is their only weakness really
!add dom5.snek.earth:30078 geneva
<@275205678010859520>: successfully inserted with alias geneva
!register marignon geneva
<@275205678010859520>: error: could not find nation starting with marignon. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
actually eriu seems better in almost every way
because they can otherwise drop attack with magisters arcane on provinces with labs and known low pd (you get spies) and then gateway in 150 heavy infantry
eriu is absolutely miserable to play as boing
!list

!register mari geneva
<@275205678010859520>: error: could not find nation starting with mari. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
i don't even know what to do about horrors
what does man get that eriu doesnt get
i have no astral
so i can't soul slay
longbows i guess
troop diversity, mage diversity
all my spells are just supportive, my highest recruitable mage paths are water and nature
!register marignon geneva
<@275205678010859520>: registering nation marignon for user <@275205678010859520>
so i'm just gonna roll the dice
something to do other than drop glamour idiot on prov, sneak to next (which man can p much do with mothers of avalon in any case)
yeah moms are good
eriu is script 900 sidhe lords the exact same way, sometimes park fir bolg on a place
sometimes use one of their tuatha to cast storm i guess
you can lead some foresters with them and sneak around like an idiot ponyman and be extremely annoying
they have forty leadership and though foresters aren't that great, they can raid easily if you just drop some bugs or howl or w/e and walk around
hmm ok
i will master the way of the bug
!register man geneva
<@148098869782118401>: error: could not find nation starting with man. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
plus you can forge some command boosting items even, to make moms lead more things
oh i have to do that ok.
with your logrian wise men
foreign rec feels really annoying in dom5
yeah you don't lean as hard on logrians
however you are man so you have 1 com point monks who still fucking own
!details geneva

how do monks work
is it bonus rp per candle
it is as many researching at a time as you have candles, max
they are also extremely convenient leaders and scouts and so on for 25g
3rp each for 25 gold
and they are holy so it's 12.5g unit for maint calc purposes
you need to upload a pretender first for some reason
that seems technically gold efficient but it would take ages to get value out of a unforted unlabbed temple with them
???
your temples are half cost
really? sweet
your temples are 200 gold and they are the same price as an indie scout for doing indie scout things + more
monks are legit good
ok thats good.
yeah they are stealth you can scout too
they are stealth, they have some leadership
you should have like 2 temples at least making them monthly for basically the entire game
the only thing on the nation that is just a complete waste of time are the bards
do i rush alt4 basically for wind guide and bugs
bard is a communion slave now
now that they commanion, you can always get storm on their cap onlies which is a big and positive change for them
yeah ok but so is a daughter for slightly more than half maint cost and better research
though they cost moneys dont they. i guess if you have no temple in a place because you are very dumb
and forgot your temples are 200g
damn i thought bards were seducers
nope they're not troubadours
if they were seducers they'd be broken as fuck a la dryads
just a guy who regales, and does 7rp of research
ya
they arent as good though bc they have a dick
guaranteed assassination attempt vs 95% of stuff
they still kill
with 1 nature gem that is quite a likely kill
i guess since they are spies you might maybe, maybe want 1 if the thrones are on medium hard mode
so you can see what the thrones actually are before attacking
heads up, any flying nation will fuck man up unless you specifically try countering them
good job nazca is banned
if you know how to position well, man actually fucking demolishes flyers
ok im making a pretender
ma caelum, while trying to make a fort in year 0 "let's err attack the longbows faction that can easily fucking own us by positioning at all"
because longbows at point blank are going to shred zotz or condors or whatever the fuck
esp since longbows have quite good combat speed and are actually good at hitting
it's just a pain in the ass to position the protective layer if it's something brutal like condors, but you can totally win
with longbows, defended by longbows
ya
longbow shame cube forever
is pig god a good choice
oh hell ya
pigu is still undercosted as fuck
or do i want better paths
it is the #1 primo choice if you can take it on a faction
longbows are good but importantly
are they union members
they are i believe 13 gold so i'm saying yes
no scabs
good
they are actually 10g 7r
and have 12 prec
they...
reduced the gold cost of longbows?
that is insane lol
lmao
what. i thought they were still 12
stat fixes my man
what the fuck illwinter
ok you now officially have 0 reason to get a spearman as man
elon musk builds the euthanasia coaster and "offers" all pro union employees free rides
attack skill 10 defense skill 11 longbow with 12 prec for 10 gold lmao
also, it has a sword not a dagger
just 15 cubes of longbows so fliers get paralysed by choice and die
it's ma only. la is still 12g
ok but la still has 10g xbow right?
it's probably from the tons of people going "waaaa ma man is weak" because they don't know how to leverage nature
hows this
report it as a bug and watch the la cost get reduced
yeah xbow is 10g
you want order but sloth
i think
its a powerful warden bless, jbrereton
you run a bit heavy on rec as la man
i'd tank heat for magic
also why not go hot 3
ya
does magic affect monks
since they arent wizards
i don't think so but it affects your everything else
nice intuition
yeah idk why bug is freaking out
hes clearly in #1 spot
i believe it does but am not sure; more importantly monks are a supplementary source of research not your main guys
also if you were cool and popular you will take m o r r i g a n a
morrigna w/ vamp lord paths
perfect
if you sink about five hundred design points into her you can have an awake expander who is very strong and can be split up as you gear them
she will almost never die shamefully to heavy cav
i want to be cool and take the chad morrigna but i will play it safe for now.
pigu is the objectively correct choice
!details blanaced
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game with alias blanaced
did someone bop it
!list

oh right
!details blanaced_team

like thau3>alt5
easiest game of my life
is precision good again
needs more blesses to not die
i think my stupid fucker one was like awake ethereal stygian lol
blood surge
why thau3
so you can spam panic if you need to
panic took a bit of a nerf in that it suffers the same problems as fear bless
!details geneva

it still generates morale checks
ya
just not at -2 or what have you
if you are firing bows into shit and spam panic they will fuck off
oh is the morale loss capped
yes -5
you could also go for a thestallion build and go pure unicorn knights
they are a mere sixty gold now
monks are indeed unaffected by magic
can they hold quills
i think so
!register xibalba geneva
<@184675842432040960>: error: could not find nation starting with xibalba. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
pig god can make a hammer and i will use my powerful air income to spam quills
!register xibalba geneva
<@184675842432040960>: error: could not find nation starting with xibalba. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
you probably don't need to with magic3
your research ramp up is super good.
!register man geneva
<@148098869782118401>: registering nation man for user <@148098869782118401>
even though logrians are str you will have monks popping out early
you have to make a pretender
someone please upload a placeholder for asphodel
!register xib geneva
<@184675842432040960>: error: could not find nation starting with xib. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
it is impossible
more like ass butt hell
!list

they aren't good but im going to play them anyway
ok done
i would have won that game where i was asphodel but the game crashed or something and never finished.
!register aspho geneva
<@169456837236621312>: registering nation asphodel for user <@169456837236621312>
that was in dom4 tho wasnt it
are there items that cure diseases
ya
there are mu
there are multiple items that cure disease. easiest ones to make are like n5 and e3d3
what changed for aspho
i assume they saw none of the pan changes
what they named
cure all elixir
alert
alert
helmseye is live
and eye pendant
bad.
he's learned to select units of a type by doubleclick
there is also the chalice
!register xibalba geneva
<@184675842432040960>: registering nation xibalba for user <@184675842432040960>
and doesn't disease grinder heal too
i believe it does
fucked up that i cant get a logrian wise man with both a fire and nature random so i can put him into a song communion and cast flaming arrows
he doesnt sing anyway
in the olden of days it was sometimes an idea to take the general guy with f4a4e4
b/c you could make the fire booster hat at constr 4 as well as have an early flaming arrows caster
still appears not to have discovered viewing battes, or scripting
just accept that longbows go obsolete and don't worry about fire arrows
!details geneva

!register c'tis geneva
<@159883716758470656>: error: could not find nation starting with c'tis. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
oh does chorus master require you to be a spellsinger
!register ctis geneva
<@159883716758470656>: error: could not find nation starting with ctis. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
yes boing
upload a pretender first
i haven't played in a late ages game yet
oh duh
and i believe there is no sacred microphone of the manx item afaik to make people a songer
should i go all in on an ultra blessed sc lich as asphodel y/extremely y
who is fluffed with quick and regen
absolutely yes and remember to take dom as close to 10 as you can afford so you get their best summons
b/c for some reason illwinter loves to actively encourage domkill nations to fuck up the map
my pretender options are lich, carrion thing, gk and pod
everything else is alive which is super fucked up
i could also take like 2 dominion score and be a normal nation instead of a very poor shitty one
which i am considering
though i guess i need dom to use my god with power beyond measure
when longbows go obsolete what do you replace them with
magic ofc
oh beetles right.
you are going to laugh, but knights of man/unicorn knights are hella good once you have the buffs for them
a weapon of sharpness flying fog knight is no joke
did you receive the ping nuclear monkey
what ping i receive nothing
well click the recent mentions button then
is devourer still good? worth a bless?
devourer of souls is extremely good
or just go lich or something for max skelemans
for ma ctis
eating someone else's god owns
samog what mention am i supposed to see
goddamit i missed out on asspoodle again
about confusing touch
oh. crawl is bad as are crawl devs
confusing touch is not that good you have to touch them
also lol @ boar guy getting so wiped out by joining the c'tis/yomi infiniwar that he ais out
i think its because duvessa is one of the pepole who has played crawl 100000 times and now just does like
unarmed builds with -5 unarmed apt
should always base balance and dev decisions around the most vocal autist who does nothing except play your game
also in the very same post he talks about whichever transmuter form lets you heal on kills and refers to it over and over again as "voring"
!register vanheim geneva
<@230792589580697600>: registering nation vanheim for user <@230792589580697600>
get this: remove duvessa
remove duvessa.
too bad aspho doesn't get vq i would take that shit in a heartbeat
also in that same post he whines about how control undead must be a dev's pet spell, because he has been complaining about it for years and nobody has ever removed it (they have since removed it)
blood on a popkill nation ü§î
pop only dies where your dominion exists
okay get this
a vanheim build based around ... fey boars
and vq is immortal flier. aspho has national undead buff magic
!register c'tis geneva
powerful
<@159883716758470656>: registering nation c'tis for user <@159883716758470656>
minmay ruined crawl.
if fay boars were sacred
who cares about sacred. mo money mo immortal boars
ez monkee
if fay boars were sacred you take quickness bless
which is also what you do when they‚Äôre not sacred
never lose an army again
othering weapons: units struck by this weapon become marginalised by society.
oh wait 30 fucking recruitment points
nvm
lmao
death to fucking recruitment points, worst idea ever
why is dagon so expensive
bc he eats everything
it does a solid amount of damage to supports especially
cum dagons
dagon is a piece of shit dont do it
namely because of the "so expensive" part
which nation are you dagonning
frogs
if the answer is "any underwater nation at all" i thoroughly recommend it
oh frogs eugh
[3:40 pm] mu: minmay ruined crawl.
someone asked him about the spell they introduced to replace control undead. he hates it
what was wrong with control undead
i odnt know.
im not exactly sure what recruitment points add to the game
or what the point of them was
commander points i can at least understand
what if recruitment points used blockchain
the story is, resources were supposed to accumulate over time like gold. or maybe just within a province
but then they didnt do that
so now there's gold, resources, and resources 2
<:illwinter:372894192894214176>
see i knew the hammers emote would come in handy some day.
having two hammers has proven useful at last'
laughing at a dual wielding blacksmith forging two swords at once.
please do not disrespect my latest wuxia novel gimmick
there lives, high above the village on a secluded mountaintop, a blacksmith of great renown. legends say he practices an ancient technique.

[cut to shot of a guy just going nuts with two hammers]
thats a dark souls pvp build
!register r'lyeh geneva
<@282159431519567873>: registering nation r'lyeh for user <@282159431519567873>
!details geneva

!details

no water
unregister yourself at once, scoundrel
the pretender has been uploaded, it is too late
but the r-rules
undead regen bless stacks with the carrion regrow spell right
.tag crimsonwolf heinous rulebreaker
.tag crimsonwolf water hitler
.tag nuclear monkey | tree hitler
oh no under water
sorry
.tag crimsonwolf punished hitler
!details geneva

.tagged hitler
ok i have a really fucking dumb idea which i'm going to act on
i will probably not win but i will very likely not die
.tag crimsonwolf a hero denied his aquatic homeland
!unregister r'lyeh geneva
<@275205678010859520>: removing user <@275205678010859520> from all nations in game r'lyeh
hmm no
he has to unregister he self
i also find vengeful water and wild hunt kind of meh
because they seem to have a limit
yeah wild hunt can potentially murder 4 priests a turn but we have elves in this game and super bless sacreds
mostly i'm hoping to telestatic animate hits
!unregister r'lyeh geneva
<@282159431519567873>: removing user <@282159431519567873> from all nations in game r'lyeh
but he cannot remove his pretender right
or did dom5 add a new feature
criminy
!unregister geneva
<@282159431519567873>: removing user <@282159431519567873> from all nations in game geneva
can't believe they gave the worst nation the nicest faction id
ma phlegra, nation 69
register oceania geneva
nooo
no water no ermor no nazca no pan
did you do it
!details

no water no ermor no nazca no pan no sausage no bacon no fun no fucking elves
.is samog samog
goddamit bot don't leave me hanging here
but u are an elf
fucking elves are allowed
.tagged samog
but only in a formally registered red light district
that cant be right
.tag samog samog
i'm going for the poor man's quickness
2 x swiftness, blood surge, withering weapons, defence skill.
withering weapons seems bad
unless it does comparable damage to death weapons in which case death weapons seems bad
i just kinda want death access for end game
and it's not incarnate like most weapon mods, so i can imprison my guy
withering weapons is good
and death weapons is shiiite
does withering weapons have a nonzero chance to decay someone's god to death
forever
yes
dunno but my valks will be going straight to mage lines with it
i also considered undying * 4, didn't seem quite as good
valkyries would be good if your vanjarls could wear boots.
im getting triggered into oblivion by the #polygetmagic command
you can recruit disir boing
who fly
if that is super important to you
quickness is +2 attack/defence, + 100% movement and double attacks. swift + blood surge + defence is +3 attack / +3 defence, +60% movement (with probable first attack) but no double attacks
and i don't have to take incarnate
big advantage of quickness: only using your piece of shit javelin unscripted for one round before they're both gone
this combo is 160 points cheaper
sorry, 182 points cheaper
who is bandar log anyway
i'm prepared to lose an attack/turn on my cap only sacreds for 4 1/2 scales to make skinshifters
i can't see on my phone
mugsbaloney
<@303193134026981389>
oh is this for midgard
vanheim
what's polygetmagic
ma van ok
it is a polymorph command which means things transforming change their magic paths
apparently you put "1" after it
lol
instead of just putting the command down lol
extremely good ma mekone mod on the way boys
in which the extremely mad + fucked up giants can get so mad at the world they try and change themselves and perhaps get even more completely fucked up or with a 1/5 chance actually become more good
time is almost up
possible transform shapes: mouflon, goat
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/015/266/z7herxu.png
oh yes disir exist i forgt
p much everything is an ironic transformation punishment shape in greek mythology isnt it
minmay is the worst thing to happen to crawl, and he banned me when i called him out for being shit and having shit taste
!details

have you all had the opportunity to
play goon crawl?
it only took forever
!details

elves are great
and bug is shouting about other people as much as possible to distract us from the fact he's winning handly
yes, it is much better
because we removed minmay
polygetmagic sucks as a command
you can't use it to innately reduce magic paths
so the evil cursed giants turning themselves into a mouflon still have like f4e2d1
appears not to roll for random paths either, which, boo
wtf how long can a goat be 318 years old
fix
lol
can we get a chasis that randomly transforms every year?
start taking his shit i guess?
i suppose anything under my dominion is technically my land
mouflon is a valid transformation result right
probably the best part of the patch if so
mouflon is a valid transform path if you make a polymorph spell with it as part of the montag
you could absolutely get a chassis that randomly transforms every year, you could do it every month even demi
how do you remove a pretender upload from the server
no mean is it tagged to be a result if you cast the spell transformation
they removed the other cool shit like turning into tjatse. i demand to at least be able to turn into a sheep (giant)
i believe it will not be since it is specifically called a phlegran mouflon
however it is extremely easy to make it a valid target
#transformation 1 = good result
and then maybe give it natureattuned 50 or what have you
hmmm i cant connect
please suggest it in the beta forum tia
also idk if swan is valid, but that should be there too
<@170661706421370880>  if you would like to code this abomination of a monster what you'd do btw is xpshape 1 into a creature with a montag'd nextshape as the whole array of units
+1 blood, due to the amazing blood rage of a swan
oh you have to make the entire line?
but then it wouldn't be random
let's debate the meaning of "randomness" when it comes to a computer
everything tagged with a montag has an equal chance of being a target
is this insufficiently random for you
if so feel free to literally double the amount of monsters in the game so they all have valid xpshape 1 monsters
(b/c since you cannot target xpshape at specific ids this is how you'd have to do it)
a stale bandar log... why couldn't he be my neighbor i ask you
being able to transform into the jotun hero was the second best part of transformation
the best part was transforming your god into a brain damaged ant
i just have too many dwarf hammers! pm me to buy some
jsoh + i workshopped the best possible transform bless which is larger + recup
thus allowing you to turn your irminsul into a size 2 fly and even recover their brain
new pank new pank new pank
that's incredibly powerful
who even has sacreds that you would want to reliably transform
is there a smaller bless
i want to turn my god into a size zero ant
sadly no
oh lmao ma man
crone's arent that expensive
but with recup bless you can use improbability drive for diversity
super fucked up that cave grub is not a valid transform targetg
monkee it is for your god not other lesser creatures
whynotboth
ant is stealth 40
i did it in that one ea ulm game remember
very strong pg chassis
with the good ettin
also i would say maybe la tc
b/c spirit masters can go from being old to not being old, and you can twiceborn them if it all goes horribly wrong
oh right it's only n2 now
ya
ants should have formation fighter imo
12 to a square
maybe infinity to a square, hm
someone should test that
hahaha
haliade
325g aquatic. transform on land with a fish amulet
hi
jsoh helm's eye is live again, or was a bit ago
im currently doing a orientation on my lap top while tryung to not fall sleep habing just started my fuckin 6 hour drive
!details

spending a fortune in company data
it's fucked up he learned to double click to select more than one unit
maybe by tomorrow he will have learned to push battle replay
i cant fair justify watching twitch streaming on company data
haha
he switched to subnautica anyway
is he as bad at that as he is dominions five
does he understand the concept of oxygen
forevereally drowning and loving it
now i want to play retarded fucker luck three oceania
w2n2h2 ant based strats
hankey pank
did anyone attack me or do i continue to be completely invincible
im poor someone sned me gold please
lol
somebody tell me how to beat 80 triblessed condors. tia
so far wild hunt got some wolves murdered by a shugo and killed a single 2/turn recruit anywhere h1 priest
so
i'm guessing the lord of the hunt is more impressive
90 tribleblessed condors
don't you have idiots with the same kind of tribless
also why the heck would he attack tribless mictlan instead of someone easier to kill
oh my god lmao condors have shock res 15
is that real or is mod inspector on acid
cause if they have shock res you just get fucking dumpstered and uhh there's probably nothing you can do about it. maybe use large pd traps?
oh you can sleep them. condors have ass mr
pd traps with iggles in the middle and guys casting sleep cloud
why the fuck do condors have fifteen points of shock resistance
because fuck you
i guess it's intended that nazca can cloud trap their god into a battle and t1 wrathful skies on top of their army and defeat basically anything until turn fifty
except like an sc god with stacked shock res
skelespam? dies. giants/whatever the fuck? dies
herne is a rapist full stop
im glad he can only appear one place at a time
nazca is fucking broken
tribless nazca is attacking tribless mictlan with identical blesses. i assumed "oh you'll be fine you just need to trade sacreds with him and play carefully"
but uhh, they don't care about shock weapons so he just dies instead
pankor?
yes
rip
sleep cloud ... hmm ... thats a good idea
what's our plan for that
mine is be in the ocean
yours is probably "have shock resist bless"
and fire shield
is it quick luck thunder
isn't that what they both took?
sleep cloud would be pretty much the only route i think
cause if they are asleep and being lucky they will continue to sleep until the fatal blow lands
well o have the powerful combo of being under water and  shock resist fire shield
the last like 4 sectional ns of this orientation just dudnt work
hmmm
maybe i should march a hundred pale ones and my sacred doom stack to just decapitation strike nazca
they are coastal right
fighting nazca fucking sucks though
250 fort tho
even if you don't get owned by thunder weapons those dumbass burds hurt, a lot
i can one turn pop their cap
you have to get there first
do you have statues already
it's not that hard to flame ward a blob of condors with inca
hey guys, i wanna bow out of this game but i don't wanna lolai
if the guy plays anything like me his cap will have not many mans
i should make statues not earth elementals right
yes
gimmie water breathing toys for my magma kids
how do you get 5 for 2 gems
bot is good
.is samog samog
i dont have make water breathing technology i only research spells for my space ship to cast
ill have that like turn 35
luckily my bless doesn't let my dudes stun lock birbs either on account of theh have infinite shock resist
but you have fire shield don't you and condors are solid length 0 so unless he fr buffs they will self own very hard on statues
yeah
and they won't particularly harm statues unless they are strength buffed
how do you get enough gems for 90 condors
easily
it's a scaling spell and he has an awake a7 god
ahhhhhh
ok
you get shittons of them, forever
i didn't realize it was scaling
yeah ok
am i dumb for wanting to prophet a spectral commander
probably
!details geneva

i need to remove the rlyeh pretender from the server, but how
yelll at naksu
<@173950598138298368> hi please remove the uploaded rlyeh pretender from the  geneva convention server
ree
give him number probably
nah
!details geneva
jsoh i will trade you crappy water breathing gear for hammer
maybe even decent kind in a couple turns
i cannot hammer yet
<@317410996169736204>
i might need to drop shitty scabiel.
ubg
<:bugs:384947297965965325> üêõ <:bugs:384947297965965325>
okay well i also cannot make the good go underwater book yet, but get in touch with be when you can make hammer
can you make boot
tfw u want to make boot so you can have hammer, but if you can't make boot getting boot doesn't help
drop scabiel, he's too recognizable
bot will sub seems like
also, there's an old bug mod that some goon made for dom3 and i updated to dom4, mine is on the mods forum if you want to scrape the  sprites from it
oh, my name on the mods forum is treanthugger that might be useful
lol
is it this one http://s7.zetaboards.com/dom3mods/topic/1274178/1/
i don't wanna go ai and have hordes of magically spawning uberbarbs everywhere
hammer comes before boot dude
no, it's a less cliche one
http://s7.zetaboards.com/dom3mods/topic/1273105/1/
oh good point
the prob is i gotta wait to random e2
just run the distance until the hated berytos is done for and then you cna go ai with some shred of dignity
thanks ill check it out
chop your forest provinces for free hammers
bad bot
<@!148098869782118401> http://irc.alligatr.co.uk/quote.csv
was it for wasting disease
nice thanks
ply
ply
i'll try and pull it in tomorrow
if you have any questions i can ask the dude
you should probably also uh
he offered to put it in a different format
feed all that to the markov bot somehow if you can
it would be great
that also includes all of the quotes from #lf, not just the kevin ones
is the elk ok?
aw fuck it died :(
```the elk jumped into the chopper's tail rotor as the aircraft flew about 10 feet (3 meters) above ground in a mountainous part of eastern utah, with its crew trying to drop a net on the elk, said jared rigby of the wasatch county sheriff's office.```
that's metal as fuck
please make me purple too
will settle for pink
nazcas condor blob is insta breaching forts
i think we may be looking at a runaway condor reaction
may spaceship save us all
i can make you red or green but not purple
can i bed half red half blue?
only in your heart
choose green
red would just make me sad
pankor-5 may need to be given an exterminatus
before the condors can spread to other planets
this is coming from someone who is living on pankor-5
why can you make people red or green
wtf
who the fuck knows
people keep giving me powers and i swear to abuse them
i will do no good with what you give me
you are just supposed to be able to assign game roles!
and create game channels
i can also do that
making this channel colorful is not abuse
like that
<@184675842432040960> why would you say such things
and besides, humans first
lmao
yay
its because you have the mall cop role and a color role
the people of mictlan may be backwards but they're sitll human
the color role is higher, and doesnt let you add roles below it.
but the mall cop role letting you add roles means you can add colors below purple
discord sucks ass
loool
yeah i might be able to mail some gold or gems to support the war on nazca in a turn or two if someone wants to clue me in on the tactical situation via pm
yeah the only colors i can add are the 2 below purple

good shit.
there's a whole rainbow blocked off for me
the tactical situation appears to be nazca with a8 and 2 capitols produces a lot of gems which produce about twenty times a lot of condors
oh no i'm lum now
did lum ever say anything in here
is he even in this channel anymore?
i made him his own color!
i swear he was
he was
.tag zoik the new lum
does pyth have air income in their cap?
congrats
rip
.markov what do you think of uw nations
some, but it's mostly pearls
fucker
which could be alchemized into jems
wow, i just said jems
.markov no what's your opinion first
jems and holograms
makes sense
is anyone fighting nazca? at all? effectively?
idea: ea game  with no bleses! aka imgonnaplaymarverni
again, feel free to pm if you don't want to give the strategy situation away
massed tstrike is fuckin epic
oh i keep forgetting i even have a bless, lol
scales pan kills all
wow
i completely forgot oceania had chaos recruitment
and i still managed to go turmoil 3 anyway
lol nice
!details

its because production gives more gold than order
it sure does
oh i never noticed blood surge activates on spell kill
dang warrior priestesses beating disease demons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mt702dnde0&feature=youtu.be
and not even getting diseased
did you send at my super awesome thug one
ie the one that found a main gauche of parrying on the ground
woah that was truly the highway to hell for those guys!
yes
its pitch black out blowing snow and it was freezing rain all day
theres a nsw sports team that had black outfits that they changed
and people are passing us on the highway
and then one year they changed back to black outfits and were calling it their back in black season
we are going 80km/h lol
so every game they played they entered the field to thunderstruck.
lol jsoh
are they the all blacks
i hope youre in the biggest vehicle around
nope
no zoik those people are new zealanders
we are in a half ton i think
[smash cut to jsoh in a tuk tuk]
we just got passed by a tractor trailer pulling 12 foot pipe sections
nuclearmonkey why do you send firemages into battle with fire gems against abysia
one od the people who passed us ended up jackknifed in the ditch
because im very dumb
oh my pd is not abysian
also he was fighting against pigu
my blood hunters are very dumb too they like to cast blink
super powerful
also dammit it looks like you can't make a communion master become a communion slave at the end of his script in order to keep him from casting useless bullshit and killing his slaves
either that or i fucked up my scripting somehow
it wont do that anymore
is that a dom 5 change
and if so... whyyyy
it is. they redid a bit of stuff regarding communions when they were unfucking it for innates
oh no does that mean my communion math is going to be off and all my mages will die
yes
is the new communion shit right in the manual by any chance
lmao
guess
fatigue and such still works the same
okay
does it add pen to spells properly now?
chaos recruitment
oh imeant steel legions of strength giants
communion bonus does not impart pen same as before
was never intended to
@ smellhei msorry didnt mean to bump u, but in my defense, i didnt know you were there u stink idiot.
okay
did anything important change besides for innates
and for me not being able to keep my mages from killing their slaves
they don't break everything about communions forever
and they don't cast while unconsious
that's good
u know what has a lot of colored names?
homestuck
!details geneva

ah, a ma game
can i be nazca
"no water no ermor no nazca no pan "
sad
how does same item stacking work? is it basic attack/protection stuff always applies and the rest does not?
rip birds
caelum went ai
i found castle arcanum on turn four in my test game
i closed the game in disgust
that shit always happens in test games, never in real ones
recruit n2d1e1, walk out of cap, find castle arcanum, close game
<@255835336083636234> please make lobbies be allowed to have a message attached to them for rules like "no ermors"
beastly appendage
this is a good spell for weapon-based melee characters all game.
<:manystares:390330403929587712>
casting gives you the portal projectile status, or refreshes an existing status, with a duration of (3+random2(floor(power/2))+random2(floor(power/5)))*10 aut, but no greater than 500 aut. this adds random2(floor(power/4)) to your to-hit
the crawl devs are insane
5/18ths of the imps are white. otherwise, if random2(power) >= 46 or a 3/13 chance succeeds, you get an iron imp with a 1/3 chance and a shadow imp otherwise. if all of those chances fail, you get a crimson imp.
someone trade me an earth gem
summon duration of min(2+floor(random2(power)/4), 6).
i only need 1
infusion
you should keep this on all game.
song of slaying
most charitably described as overly situational and most accurately described as bad.
im going insane
i have procurred the gem, return to your business everyone
i like song of slaying and have used it to good effect i think
but i am bad at crawl
doesn't it make you really fucking loud
yes
but sometimes you were already going to be loud
!details geneva

<@159883716758470656>  i will give u zero dollars to let me play the lizards
your bid does not meet the reserve
are there still spots open in that game?
i do not understand the bot, but i think there were more than 7 open spots
i think it's a twelver
this bot i understand
!register mictlan geneva
<@97756994454188032>: error: could not find nation starting with mictlan. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
!register mictlan geneva
<@97756994454188032>: error: could not find nation starting with mictlan. make sure you've uploaded a pretender first
rip
rip
you gotta upload a pretender before registering gandalfff
!register ma mictlan geneva
<@97756994454188032>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
haha
ok
oh
ganjdalf you dang cutie
!register mictlan geneva
<@97756994454188032>: registering nation mictlan for user <@97756994454188032>
creamy dumpers
no you cant be mictlanim xibalba
!details geneva

i will trade u an earth gem
i love 2 dicker
!details

<@303193134026981389> u gon fuck up
https://i.imgur.com/lfndcfk.jpg
i no longer need an earth gem
it has been arranged
https://i.imgur.com/11k5pzi.jpg
!details

greetings
what the
i can upgrade my starting castle to a citadel. is that new in the patch or have i not noticed for the last twenty five turns
because i am very dumb. it will give me another com point in my cap
as utgard
sounds great op
if you get a conj bonus on a 2 gem spell, does it round down to 1 gem?
hi monkee im enjoying your lp
!details

!details blanaced_team

this channel is a great example of how nobody reads error messages. truly, an eye opening experience
.is is supposed to reply yes or no if the target is tagged with whatever
.is nuclearmonkee hitler
yes
nagot gick fuck
those of you who aided the flock of nazca will be passed over
la man tips in the thread turning me slightly prodromal
this is the solemn promise of bug squash, prince of lies
"simply buff your air elementals with 4 different status effects after you give a magister arcane 3 boosters"
"make sure to cast fog warriors to not die to ros!"
*in that guy who's british off that comedy news show voice*
"its twenty eighteen!"
i don't read anything.
"what do you do with la man after you do all the research"
actual answer: "win the game, unless ragha is in it"
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/109767802742697984/413242701644038146/0958_1.png
<@96715337440952320> that's david mitchell and you know it
no i mean the one off that us show
he plays a car salesman at the start of the green wing
john oliver!
¬Ø\_(„ÉÑ)_/¬Ø
oh john oliver
i know him better for community and his late night show
yes the late night show is that comedy news show as everyone knows
ps in general whoever is treanthugger on the steam forums: hi yes do not spread information about beta versions in public you dumb ass
am i living in a bizarro world where owning half the globe and leading on every metric means nothing <:wow:372896749716504588>
i can't believe nevermore is treanthugger
i don't really blame caelum
he made a desperate last strike out at yomi and suddenly found out that birds could not fight oni

<:prism:372894359680712727>
he did murder an army of mine with lightning
but i have many more armies
you have so many armies
bussing them around is getting to be a pain
i have to use my ghost priests now because melia's can only move 1 province at a time
it's the final punishment for taking a skelespawn nation. drown the world in bones, but die of boredom.
therodos has been a lot of fun
but never again
i played against a sceleria once, i've never seen someone so angry about winning
i think i wanna try out the bad giants sometime
<:head:403422448760127489>
:major_corporation:
!list

the description for stygian paths makes it sound bad. is it bad.
its good
but bad.
stygian paths is extremely dangerous but also kind of owns conceptually
imagine if astral travel had an mr or die component mu
that's stygian paths
is it something you never use except in the most desperate circumstances.
if you don't have thaum 9 for astral travel / don't have s5 mages on your nation it can be sort of useful but it can also be a real pisser if a bunch of the troops you were transporting die
undead aren't immune to the mr or die effect, either, so you're looking at like 60-80% longdead casualties every time you use it
dumb.
undead and nonliving should be immune imo.
agreed, maybe i will suggest this
!details geneva

mu if you are ever in the mood to mod again and want to use #polygetmagic 1, one thing that does work in terms of reducing magic is negative pathboosts on the thing you're transforming into
just a tip there
only the finest armies in mekone
what's polygetmagic 1
it's a polymorph (effect 10130) add on that means you get the base paths of what you turn into
cool.
also what i wanted for glitch mod.
ya it's good you just can't reduce paths with it, which is a shame
and you can't give things afflictions automatically with #startaff with a polymorph effect
!details

is the modding manual documenting all of these new commands btw
it doesn't even have all the dom 4 commands in it m8
they have put in some of the new commands
certainly more than a couple of versions ago
but stuff like #haltheretic which was added in a dom 4 patch for example is not in the manual
!details

they're so bad.
i still somehow outlasted man and patala
in spite of having the world's worst luck
i think patala had worse luck than you tbh
that would only be amusing if they chose the devi of good fortune chassis
also one of the issues with signing up for <@159883716758470656> 's game is that he bypassed the bots lobby system and just moved into pretender uploading on snek immediately
and it's the lobby that saves era and players etc.
ah that makes sense
btw <@255835336083636234> is it a feature that the bot spams me multiple times a day about my turns, or am i special

i'm getting that too
i believe thats because the bot is restarted multiple times a day and when it starts up it checks your turns and will ping you about turns that you've not taken yet even if it already pinged you
i believe "stop it doing that" is on gonadic's to do list somewhere
i at least made it so that it doesn't ping you if you've done your turn. i don't know for sure if the crash is causing the problem or of its something else but it's fucking annoying to fix a crash that sporadically happens every few hours
it is on my list though yeah.
instead of fixing it can you make a bot command that will ping every player in a game about their turns if they havent submitted yet
right next to "teach how to open doors"
so i can spam samog to do his turn
it's super weird though because when it detects a turn on the server it should immediately update the db with that turn before pinging players
so even if it were crashing it really shouldn't be saying "hey a new turn not in my db" multiple times like that
could always have it md5 hash the game name + turn number and then compare hashes
mostly because i love overengineering probably simple problems
but still
that seems like overkill
but then i made nevermore store quotes and tags and custom commands in a custom xml format instead of just using a fucking csv or something
.markov
glad of thousands of metal.
.markov overkill
üò¶
he only loads the channel corpus periodically, to save on cpu cycles
so he's never seen that word even though i just said it
.markov jsoh
oh no wait he has seen 'overkill' it's just that it only ever occurs at the ends of sentences
sounds like your error messages are unclear!!!
_opens an issue on github_
.markov nerd
and i implemented a minimum markov sentence length so he doesn't do boring single word chains, and if he can't make a chain long enough in several attempts he gives up
.request clearer error messages
poland 1939?
.tags boing
bc i lack security
and my defenses are easily compromised by nazis
the big magic
ah
.markov arcosephale
*nice*
lol
.q add nevermore arcosephale player: research my combat
.markov yomi
.markov ermor
almost coherent
has it just always seen ermor and equites together so much that it loves chaining those two
.markov ermor
i can tell you the exact transitional probabilities if you want but it involves delving deep into xml files
.markov nazi
nah i don't care that much
lol
.markov samog
does it take two word in puts on markov or
what do you mean
.markov new turn
apparently yes
its a super intelligent ai so yes of course
.markov lies
my recurrent neural network for text generation is in progress. the new markov will be here soon
it's cool.
i look forward to it shouting at us about patches making pan bad
.markov actually
woof
.markov actually
haha at it incorporating random links into the corpus
<#372502464705986566> probably contributes a lot of that
ak did it too although i'd prefer for him to find his own links rather than just those that have been shared
.request a special algorithm for the markov chain that detects links and mutates them into other links from the same domain
doesn't help that puush's go bad after a while
.markov puu.sh
.markov https://puu.sh
alas
the entire link is treated as one word for now
yeah
.markov the
although the rnn is a character level model so it will come up with plausible links that dont link to anything, which is equally good
its really funny if you train one on latex markup of maths papers

*maths*
correct
arent you a brit <@!160127200803160064>
don't mind me theodore.   i just took a shortcut is all.
i'm in the uk yes
do i even have any thrones
oh right i have two
i should probably defend those
which probably means i should get some soul slayers on site lol
!spells soul slay
!spell soul slay
<@160127200803160064>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=soul%20slay&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
people in the uk but not in britain don't like being called british
it's fun
i mean i'm also not an actual brit
a *gasp* foreigner
worse still
we voted to get rid of those
a combined foreigner and a *yank*
dual nationality :toot:
colonial refugees are okay
sorry gonadic, i'm also your rival
for i am german
this discord only has room enough for one bot programmer
wie schade
i'm dual english and irish
(thanks brexit)
aren't those the same thing?
_ducks_
lol
there has never been a fuss over this
everybody has been very agreeable about the whole thing
http://www.itv.com/news/2018-02-13/department-for-work-and-pensions-ruins-on-valentines-day-with-benefit-fraud-warning/
tone deaf should be a trait in dominions and work like insane
*in extremely bobby sands voice* you can't even say you're english anymore. it's illegal.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dv_yl9lw4aangv8.jpg
brexit ftw.
the best thing is that i don't know if that's real or not
the worst thing is that this is what we get instead of more the thick of it
why didnt i name my pretender quiet bat people
<@255835336083636234> i haven't started any games.
huh, i thought geneva was yours
mukip
i see
anyway <@275205678010859520> if you bypass the lobby and go straight to a started snek server you don't get the lobby features like era, owner, player limit, (and soon to be description)
!help
<@148098869782118401>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !start <address:port> [<alias>]: register a started server for a lobby game
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
"add" is for games on snek, "lobby" is for games that don't exist yet, and "create" turns a lobby into a game by giving it a snek address
ok cool
what is the actual cultural inspiration behind the machaka nation
besides just 'africa'
the animal totem thing is straight out of west african folklore but the nation otherwise seems to have much more in common with, like, zulus and shona
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/machaca    hope this helps.
```machaka is a nation inspire
d by african kingdoms and the shona 
in particular. the king, a sacred figure, 
reigns, but does not rule. he 
is served by vassal chiefs, and h
is priests, the eyes, ears and mouth, keep 
constant surveillance over sub-
chiefs and serve as a link betwe
en the people and the temple. the shilluk 
concept of regicide and other uns
pecified ideas from african cu
ltures have also made their way into the 
nation. modern oriental concepts a
nd fantasy clich√©s can be fou
nd in the black sorcerers of the god 
mountain, and the spiders. i admit 
to some obscure influences f
rom the comic the phantom as well.  
the machaka of the early age
 is influenced by the old pen and p
aper rpg 
powers and perils
. in the 
fantastic campaign setting of thi
s game there was a nation of a
frican stock led by great men that were 
released from a great sleepi
ng city. the notion of a released r
ace of superior men was attractive.  
various myths, tales, films and "african" fantasy concepts have
 been mashed together and mixed with 
the middle age machaka ideas.  m
y first idea of clans based on 
body parts like liver, heart, hand, head 
and leg, did not feel right and was replaced with animals, more
 fitting with the spiders
 of the middle age. 
the nation evolved side by side 
with berytos, bu
t it took a bit
 longer to finish. creating two nations 
together and intertwining their
 history gave them both addition
al life. it is probably something i want to 
do with more new nations in the future. ```
hm
ok that quote got fucked up
lol
it helped me, mu
okay added some more debug code that should help me figure out what's going on
do the horrors show up one-at-a-time, and only lesser horrors at first, and then ramp up?
i think theres 4 horrors max but not all will necessarily show up in a single turn?
but i don't think it ramps
but i could be wrong, never gotten that far before
i mean
he was helped by two major aggressors on the world map going ai
bregggggzit
ok cool
yeah pan going ai was weird
he could have taken the game
the pan ai is now making hot strategic decisions like sending solo white centaurs on to a throne province
!turns
fuck
i dont have a problem i am in control
prime minister boris when
.markov problem
!details

https://twitter.com/dwppressoffice/status/963423779413114880
oh i see this is already in <#372502464705986566>
[2:53 am] mu: :major_corporation:
to be fair i killed most of them
i got 38 in one battle
!details

!list

!details

!details

!details

dont take your turn i want tk oifhcnagem y stuff
!register bandar log geneva
<@399465886219763713>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
darn it
!register "bandar log" geneva
<@399465886219763713>: registering nation bandar log for user <@399465886219763713>
!details

!details

!details

!details

!details blanaced_team

it will never start
when did it open?
forever
but register still
gotta find a partner first
yes
there was someone else that responded earlier. they have yet to join discord i think
it will be @gaslov if they do
map?
will be made with cartographer upon a full lobby
unless you have something else in mind
i do not.
<@68614451045076992> i am still undecided on what to join as
the lobby that never filled, spooky
should i code a acoustic kitty for this chat y/n?
boing's bot already does it.
oh
i guess i've just never seen it
.markov i think
hooray
it seems to make less sense than ak though.
.markov mlyp
mlyp
üòé
i suspect ak used a higher order markov dependency
ak used 2
.markov kremath
!register caelum blanaced_team
<@233383745779007499>: registering ma caelum for <@233383745779007499>
.markov markov
nice
!details blanaced team
<@68614451045076992>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
i might try and make it 2
oops
!details blanaced_team

.markov marignon
nothing tops ruby.
.markov anime
üëÄ
!server details blanaced_team
<@68614451045076992> what are these server details i will uploard
server isn't up yet
gotta wait till it's all ready, then i'm getting naksu to make it because earth.snek doesn't have stuff for making a disciple game yet
!register jotumheim blanaced_team
<@271701070994997249>: error: could not find nation: jotumheim
yotums
yumyums
!register jotunheim blanaced_team
<@271701070994997249>: registering ma jotunheim for <@271701070994997249>
there we go
cool
literally
now you just need to find a cold buddy
caelum is my friend
nice
unfortunately, don wasn't as great with language as he was with nipple play. he wrote like a man who spent elementary school crushing ass instead of learning sentence structure. he made love like a dream, but when he typed, his commas limply flopped into the wrong spots like a porn actor who lied on his resume. don diebel is first and foremost a lover, and not at all any kind of second thing. no publisher wanted his manuscript.
i'm at the pediatrician
be brave and you can have some ice cream after
i am no ones friend
i am sorry to hear that i would extend to you my wing of friendship
no one likes ass phodel
my dominion score isn't that high though so i am less cancerous than it could be
i think i have cold three as well
!register ulm blanaced_team
<@168228493174374400>: registering ma ulm for <@168228493174374400>
now all you need is a metal buddy
or some other nation that doesn't mind drain
yeah, that would be cool
if i can't find a drain buddy i can probably coast on strong human bois
mild synergy
(everyone loves drain as a bless dumpstat anyway)
https://imgur.com/5xvh0nc.jpg
having magic scales is for nerds
!details blanaced_team

is <@!169456837236621312> teamless?
who's unpartnered rn?
i am on a team with marignon
oh ok
well theres one person there who is teamless
<@184675842432040960> i think
yeah
xibulba and ulm would be pretty funny
if @gaslov comes back to his computer and joins, he'll be vanheim
what the fuck does ma xib play like anyway
ea xib hardmode?
like shit
'it's xibulba except everything is shit and all your good stuff is locked away in blood rituals which are harder to get to now' ? or something?
that's atleast how i imagine it
you don't get your national troops
no ozelotl
your bats are limited. as compensation you get a pile of shitty frogs
can you still cast gifts from heaven in a cave province?
unless they changed it sure
seems like it should earthquake style followup if it works at all
celining fragment blasts
but
don't bully the muuch they're trying their hardest
clearly you take a thug muuch bless
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/325/934/060.png
muuch motto
putting that 8 precision to work
my favorite frog that they get is the muuch k'uhul
if you squint really hard it's a :downs: ponyman
what if we took a pony man, made it worse in every way and also more expensive
the math checks out
if you spend five hundred design points and twenty gems on each on they are very serviceable thugs
ü§î ü§î ü§î
much kuul
ah ha
oh isn't their assassin sacred
it is
with the new w1 you could do some pretty retarded shit
like if you put quickness and swiftness on them until they could walk up to an enemy before it cast a spell and stab them
!help
<@284890830165114880>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !start <address:port> [<alias>]: register a started server for a lobby game
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
ak was the best because you could use .tell
it has combat speed eight. i don't even want to know how many layers of go fast that would take
.markov <@!148098869782118401>
he has a paralyzing dart, he doesn't even need to walk up i think?
see, don't work
if it hits anyways
we should make a .tell feature for the bots here
!list

precision 10 ü§î
even though we have direct messages now
you don't need tell that's built into discord
i know but it would be  funny
also it wouldn't make people's phones chime in the middle of the night
some one check how many blesses you need to make a muuch assassin close to melee and dispatch a wizard in a single blow before it acts
.request naksu make his goddamn genie game
!register vanheim blanaced_team
<@284890830165114880>: registering ma vanheim for <@284890830165114880>
you did it
monkee just give them the boots of walking quickly and a w10 bless, easy
i want to be able to do it with 3w each. no further use of resources
just give them precision +4 and withering weapons
one hammered bottle of lucky water and that's it
eh vanheim üëÄ wanna partner up with me as ulm? we both need lots of resources, both don't mind drain
but you have wayob! you can make shoe very easy!
they don't deserve my n
i mind drain
vanheim hates drain friend prey
n is for making troops better than muuch
such as large beetle
also can you leave a smith in an allied fort to give them res or no
jbre i am very sad to discover that fire shield kills don't trigger reanimator
the only other teamless here is <@184675842432040960> which is asphodel
i've never tried, i'm pretty new to disciple games
i am asphodel
i am not teamless
give it a try for 1 minute in the game prey
sure
lemme run it over
oh
right
i mean cryle is xibulba
i forgot
is blanaced teams even going to happen
theres cryle
it seems like its been recruiting since like
i'm trying to make it happen, ok
early january
we got new peeps
i don't even remember what we were going to do
!details blanaced_team

i am on marignon team
and we were uh
going to do... something
just look at the pretender you already made to get a hint
üòâ
!unregister xibalba blanaced_team
hahahaha
<@!160127200803160064> well done taking the bone throne and completely failing to stop the skeleton invasion
!unregister blanaced_team
while ensuring that you will be the one profiting from the skeletonman army
ok, do i'm allied with ulm
any second now

my teammate did a betrayal and unregistered a week ago
the fuck
who was he
riidi
i'm bandar log i don't do skeletons
cmon you gotta find a new buddy
i mean, death gems are useful for other spells i use
<@170392794706214912> !!!
but still
i made an assassin bless to counter swarm / summons but it doesn't seem to work right alas
<@184675842432040960>: removing user <@184675842432040960> from all nations in game xibalba
<@184675842432040960>: removing user <@184675842432040960> from all nations in game blanaced_team
when the bugs die to fire shield they never turn into zombies
there it is
!details blanaced_team

i think u;m and van are buddies now
idk
an excelelnt combo
vanheim should name their disciple year four thunderstrike
i can change nation what meshes good with van?
eriu
it's fine actually. ulm doesn't have to take tstrike
most everything works okay with van
if you give van hammers immediately and he makes lots of quills it'd be ok with drain probs
oh you did reanimate + fireshield?
or are your assassins fire shield casters
tired: giving van hammers
wired: van forging imp familiars for ulm to further boost their research rate so they can send 1 gem lanterns quicker
üëÄ
yeah there's also that
hahaha
just let van get const2 and grub around in the mud struggling to rp
and feed ulm quills
it might be a bug based problem jerek
im vanheim in a game and you'
are giving me flashbacks of y1-3
reanimator + fireshield plus some general stuff
yeah i thought i tested it and it worked on human bodyguards
to stop people getting 5000 little soulless every time creeping doom gets cast
my condolences, i have watched literally 0 assassination battles or even actually any battles
basically any game where you are a heim where age is != la you should get quills+hammer pretty much instantly
because you will be super fucking far behind otherwise
i have been killing a lot of your stuff
you will win eventually though
yeah this game was retarded and i should have died a long time ago
i read the reports but i don't watch the battles unless it is a battle i lose horribly
fortunately you are vanheim so even with almost no research you can make fighting you a living hell
slayer worms killing some shit, yeah, okay
because elf
because it's a shit no vertical wrap and i was in a little tiny corner surrounded by heim
helheim*
makes sense
then helheim died and my neighbors let me get vampire lords
the skeletons going to the throne of bones event will fire for you, conot
haha
the monkies shall become skelemasters
atlanton is this in the ea game
yes
im sure that only took *checks watch* uhh five years?
it's in the 90's right now
have you taken the ea tc throne right by you yet
also how tf has ur not won
i have four vampire lords in sauro game now
thetis went down, but i have liches
so this is disciples?
i am invincible
so yes. i have it
https://imgur.com/5xvh0nc
after i didn't quite win enough to win the game i presumed they were going to roll the map pretty quick
this battle just happened with ur
i don't know how to kill mechanical men efficiently
ur can survive that happening like x10
he only has his forts now, because vampires
has he considered the powerful strat of using his w mages to easily own vampires with cleansing waters
the inevitable result of literally any game without silt running
master smith's don't provide bonus to disciple forts
vamps feel so fucking broken now im not even slightly cautious
ya
i just fly them all over and do stuff
sometimes they die, i dont care
just checked
wraith lords are maybe even worse because they don't even have additional distance cooldown
i need growth scales
just 1 turn global strike
magic is nice too
at least they don't fuckin fly
and cost real gems
they go pretty fkin fast
pan going ai definitely helped, though he wasn't pressing me to begin with.  him going ai definitely let me expand east.
22 map move without any additional gear in their heavy ass normal armour
so i can get quills up asap
everyone in the entire game needs growth
and then skull mentors
except banned nations
t'ien chi should get a national spell to make a mage immortal
probably astral
yeah  but i kill a lot of pop from blood hunting
i could switch to eiru or pangea or somethin
eriu*
why am i the only person who scripts ponymen to do (stormpower)(tstrike)(reinvig)(tstrike)
like do people forget that they have b1
yeah i think people forget that constantly
each one is good for 3 tstrikes
though i usually do 2 and script ghost wolf or orb lightning in the last slot
also why the fuck does blood surge trigger on a magic kill
orb lightning is so insanely dangerous nowadays lol
if i shoot a guy forty spaces away with a lightning why do i get reinvigoration
i don't get to touch his blood
it's far
nah, okay what you like
play
orb lightning fucking shreds shit
it owns hard
very glad illwinter made a good spell better and increased range
the bless grants your units the ability to feel cool as shit when they own somebody
i've only played dom 4 in the past.  disciples game will be new for me
it arcs all over the place but uhh maybe get good and that's np
it's not actually about getting blood from that unit
someone test if blood surge triggers on communions slaves when their master kills a thing
why would i hulk out if i killed a guy far away
maybe a hi 5
because you are a cultivator who cultivates slaughter energy
blood surge is just the best bless period and that's the way it is
yeah it really is
sadly
it should be incarnate
instead of whatever the fuck else is in there that no one cares about
bogarus sacreds should have natural blood surge cmon
like just switch blood surge with blood bond
i imagine that'll happen in a patch sooner or later
illwinter is bad at balance it will never happen unless they make that moddable
i wanna believe <:holy:372894715315748885>
the neter is a giant of divine heritage.  a previous pantokrator gave him power knowledge the moon and stars and the wisdom how to use it.  as guardian of hte celestial bodies he observed what was, what had been, and what would come ot pass.  during the rebellion of the lesser gods, he observed but did not interfere on either side.  for this the pantokrator imprisoned him for eternity.  now with the pantokrator gone his astral prison is weakening and he will return to guide the world as he wills.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/138511688981938176/413235879352467457/1518592994926.png
inspiring me to read a book rn
i lost a few hundred freespawn to his white centaurs and his dumb dragon
but i'm pretty confident i'll take pan's cap
i took my turn
.tags ewie
did they fix water bottles
so they don't just guard like idiots
they were attacking last time i saw them
in a real battle
yay
are there only 3 items--all unique--that increase holy?  is there any other way other than divine channeling (an h5 spell) to increase holy?
summoning
good old bishop fish
ugh
i dont wnat to play this game naymore uadsadasdsa
!details

ewie must die
so i guess i should spend all my water gems on water bottles as therodos
wishing for magic
also increases holy iirc
thanks for taking angry waters away from ur in that game <@110124675580862464>
now i can win v easily
noooo
fucks sage forgot about whild hunt
<@137038752370524161>
helps if you actually ping him
what's up?
waiting on you invisifish
nah
tired: not sure if its rude to ping people when they havent taken their turn
wired:
not rude to ping, is rude to harass
!details

not rude for one person to ping once, respectfully
<@184675842432040960> can i have your stuff
do you even exist
do you need a storm to cast summon storm power?
did that change?
ok, so the combined man oceania alpha strike on nazca failed badly
i blame oceania
give your priest astral and do a communion
or make communion rocks
<@306995014578470916>
hello
hello
you can change your nation later if you want, but feel free to register as something
update: in a total unexpected move, foreseen by no-one, therodos is now moving to grab maverni's thrones. the monolith repels another attack (having stolen a bottle of water), and graphs reveal that all non-therodos nations are in long term dominion decline. large amounts of gems were spent last turn, on items and spells unknown.
!help
<@124333039735013376>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !start <address:port> [<alias>]: register a started server for a lobby game
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
that was a pretty shit attack. hope everyone likes unending vengeance.
it's ok
you could have lived, warbeard. you could have lived.
still might
yes, but i shall snatch even the possibility of victory from your fulsome beard
can my dog wear a spirit mask
no
gotta be a crown
cold blood only
wear the iron one
oh spirit mask
wear a slave collar
unless you fuck up horribly
never mind
this is dominions
he's got a lead crown and a mistletoe crown.
.markov seduction
!register agartha blanaced_team
<@124333039735013376>: registering ma agartha for <@124333039735013376>
do you think one dog head gets jealous if you pet another head
i think they all feel it.
this account is disputed by the catholic church.
did you find the garland on the ground
or did you just really want your doggo to be lucky
has anyone spammed buffalo crown yet
!details blanaced_teams
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game with alias blanaced_teams
hammered buffalo crown is three n
!details blanaced_team

buffalos beyond measure strategem
<@184675842432040960> come back
just because more tha none head odesnt mean more tha none brain
<@317410996169736204> have ur or lanka or whoever the fuck forge crown of buffalo
+2 strength +1 buffalo. very strong
retinues even stack so you could wear three and have +3 buffalo!!!1
he land of wind and shade, abbreviated as lowas, is john egbert's planet in the medium. his house was transported there once he entered the medium, and john got to the surface through his first gate.

john's house is located at the top of a large outcropping, rising above the clouds. lowas is inhabited by the salamander consorts, and its denizen is typheus. the land of wind and shade corresponds to the first planet in can town as drawn by the wayward vagabond.
cryle you're at war with atlanton in that game right?
so if we all send gems and gold to him you'll lose?
<@!169456837236621312> is that a real thing
in pankor? yeah  iguess
!details pankor

yep
you need to figure out how to send him resources and recruitment points tbh
lmao <@317410996169736204>
my hubris is my armour
for example, you could fuck up as bad as our alpha strike
although that would be pretty hard
we even attacked the same province
!details geneva

reember kids, no water no ermor no nazca no pan!
how the fuck do you do that
or it is off to the hague with ye
jesus
lol
did you retards really kill eachother's army in a 3 stooges mishap
god bless
god bless us every one
hubris growing without bounds
i blame diabl0658 for that one
i told him where i was going and he went as well
plan was to park on both forts and cut income/retaliation options
of course none of that worked
tired: one day i'll be just like you
wired: one day you'll be just like me
inspired: i wanna be just like medivh
i mean, dealing with a like 90 condor army is impossible
so have to do what we can
<@68614451045076992> thanks.  i keep meaning to learn more about communions.
3 more players let's go
use the spell that makes animals run run away,
well i haven't fought any birds yet
.item headdress of the bull
!item headdress of the bull
<@169456837236621312>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=item&itemq=headdress%20of%20the%20bull&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
<@317410996169736204> there u go
monkeys and ur can harness the might of the buffalo
!details

i fought the birds, and the bird won
!details geneva

what the shit are raptors even doing in the arctic circle
going south
and north, east, west.
tfw you're in danger and a buffalo suddenly appears to charge your enemies.
3 buffalo üëÄ
i wish only for a peaceful relationship with my neighbors, and a helpful frog to help me cross the lake
for the longest time i thought it was a turtle
and the story made no sense
why the hell are you talking about that game in here
it was, in olden times. turtle just berated the scorpion.
üêÉ
:awed whisper: buffalo...
dat jerek
nothing is stronger than a buffalo
ennui
catoblepas is the best buffalo
[1:50 pm] jbrereton: to stop people getting 5000 little soulless every time creeping doom gets cast
that would be chill
!details

peter touhou
are these factions still strong in 5?
which
gaslov is a bot
the banned ones
what's wrong with pan?
i dont think most factions are banned for being strong (except pan) so much as obnoxious
pan is broke
it plays by different rules and is just hands down superior in most metrics
in ea at least. in ma it's merely a normal level of op and in la it's fine i think
<@137182727161118720> i need it bad. i need the turns real bad. you have two hours.
water, popkill, both stupid shit.
therodos is okay because a water popkill nation is a self-cleaning oven
the ability to slam down a 2 com point fort+lab+temple halfway through year one for four hundred fifty gold is stupid as fuck
and also it's 450g to turn a forest into a place that makes wizards
forting it just makes the wizards available better and come out twice as fast
and if you get gud you can defeat literally anyone else regardless of bless with level zero magic aoe twenty five entangle/stun/fear no save ofc
nazca is a tier below the others
nazca is pretty fuckin op in ma
more than ma pan imo unless you take a specific counter bless
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/245905514284711937/413464651851104286/dv82qbvxuaewy2w.png
!details

i'm recording my let's play rn
i'll get to this in a second
i appreciate the daily news *ruffles and folds paper*
<@184675842432040960> yes
i want gems to spend on stupid stuff for fun
and also gold
this map really is something awful
suddenly a huge number of boars appear
at least thats what oyu think is happening, because you and everyone else is permanently blind forever now.
im not igving up
i dont even know what my winning plan is here
but i have 4 thrones. or three thrones. for sure two thrones.
<@153656281448710145> do you need more sprite help, i'll make some sprites for the sea ice if you like
what's the silt mod posted in the mods channel?
it is the mod that makes immortal summons into transformations
it's good
did u put a shout out to the ideas man in the .dm
i didn't
fucked up
hi cryle please dont use racial slurs in a way that gets people to make me look at a individual game channel
too bad you can't have custom spells linked to pretender chasis.
so you think johan and kristoffer have a ideas man - thing doer relationship
you kind of can silly things
that's what the word on the street had been back in the day.
they both do a bit of everything, but jk is definitely more of the programmer and ko is more of a sprite maker and lore builder
that one of them made up nations, and the other coded in new abilities for them
my phone auto coreected spillything to silly thing
like ko can make a vanilla nation as well as any of us, but custom dom-effects would be jk
i am a silly thing. i'm here on discord instead of out buying a gift for my special lady
speaking of the word on the street, do not splash information about beta versions you hear on here on the dom3mods forum ty please
hokay will not do that in the future, sorry
https://twitter.com/shauntpetro/status/963674553816944642?ref_src=twcamp%5ecopy%7ctwsrc%5eandroid%7ctwgr%5ecopy%7ctwcon%5e7090%7ctwterm%5e1
there u go spillything
can anyone less stupid than me derive the likely bitmask for 1 crown please using the information in the mod manual
apparently your winning plan is to attack innocent good boy yomi
for shame
new turns, in mekone
<@114740794476331015> you ready to agree to stop fucking with tnn or shall i keep pillaging your awful uw tiles
on an unrelated note, i have enormous cauldrons of broth, who wants some :toot:
pan going ai basically created a giant landrush which meant no one wanted to fuck with icy asshole land
can flyers fly uw
sometimes
full amphibious ones do
like asia dragon
and teleporter
idk what elese
i do
but for example if they're given uw capability by a magic item that doesn't give them amphibious they can't
?
does marverni not get decent n mages
anyway, name your price
do you want e gems
<@282646158218756116> you'll be glad to know your corpse in stupidrobot still has a pulse
what uw capability item is there that doesn't make them amphib
my income of e is pretty okay rn tbh
things i would not say no to: f or a gems, or price of cauldron + 5 in n gems
alternatively gold, if we can figure out a price that seems fair
this is too rich for marverni, we can barely afford to feed our families in this eternal hellwinter
isn't that hellwinter self inflicted from your awful scales
yes
why would you ever build temples and not just let the tnn scales in
more temples = more dom, more dom = moar boars
if you make it that far
marverni's scales, for reference

are you still selling that warf hammer cryle
protip: never take luck
say that to my misfortune 3 jomon that got fucked out of the game in like, 3 turns
well i mean it means the throne of autumn had no downside for him
i am familiar with the jomon saga
mukip u got fier gems
no, sadly
deaf gems?
nope
a lotof gold?
lmao
look at his scales
he's lucky if he has any gold
do you have a single goddamn thing that you can use to trade, tnn
yes
a shit ton of gems and a fairly reasonable amount of gold
and cauldrons of broth
who cares about soup
oh my god all he does is make soup all game
people who enjoy not starving in wastes
so gem, but none of the good gems, and gold, but not the 500g i would ask for the hammer
"none of the good gems"
i have e and some amount of fwa
give me your fire gems
name your price, dwarf hammer maker
20 fire gems
wait no 25
wait no 20
yeah 20
for everyone else its 25. for conot, my friend, elf, it is 20.
hmmmmmm
okay sure
wait
1 of your finest dwarf hammers please
are you going to use this for soup
how would i make soup with a hammer
that sounds silly
i dont know
elf magic
ok deal
you are tnn right
y
and you are uh
!details
machaka
oh bot ded

rip
ooh ahh machaka
cool, sending gems to machachachaka
i also have spooky masks if anyone wants, 20 gems each
there are lots of spooky masks
true amphib not poor
unless they fucked with it poor amphib does not fly uw
the most powerful water unit is still the water elemental and the most powerful water ranged is the storm demon same as dom4 tho
shout out to agartha, who lost a battle to ai abysia because, i dont even know how or why.
i think an annointed got surrounded by magma kids, protecting it from the enemies that could actually kill it, and pinning it in place so it couldnt retreat, until eventually agartha routed
pills of water breathing don't give amphib to the units being transported by it i don't think?
all of the uw items like that give poor amphib to units
ah
storm demons aren't water though
they're blood
that require water
wait
no that's frost demons
you've confused me, monkee
you're forgetting the part where i also lost a shitload of guys
and yes, the age old solution of throwing more magma children at it doesn't apply when fighting abysia.  who knew, right?
you crushed 90% of his army immediately
its true
he meant units that are curently in the uw
yeah what he means is that water elementals are the best at fighting underwater, and storm demons are the best at ranged combat underwater
!help
<@278302403475013634>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !start <address:port> [<alias>]: register a started server for a lobby game
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
so why does people like <@96715337440952320> not like disciple games etc
they're libertarians
ahhh
makes sense
<@317410996169736204> im watching your sauro lp
the diplomacy window is my, favorite thing
!register t'ien ch'i blanaced_team
<@278302403475013634>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
!register tien chi blanaced_team
<@278302403475013634>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
hmm
!details blanaced_teams
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game with alias blanaced_teams
!list

uh oh
yeah i'm new here
!details balanced_teams
<@114740794476331015>: error: could not find the game with alias balanced_teams
!list

!details blanaced_team

it's called disciples, not disciple
there are a few people still teamless i think
remember that you can unregister to pick a different nation if you want
no i'm good
i'm vanheim, ulms little bitch
but yeah <@278302403475013634> just type !register nationame blanaced_team
unless he goes drain, then i'll be a sad bitch
!register tienchi blanaced_team
<@278302403475013634>: error: could not find nation: tienchi
ffs
lol
!register tien chi blanaced_team
<@278302403475013634>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
fuck it
!register phythium blanaced_team
<@278302403475013634>: error: could not find nation: phythium
sigh
!register pythium blanaced_team
<@278302403475013634>: registering ma pythium for <@278302403475013634>
christ
i'm just going to go slink over here now
two teams of five?
appears to be?
wha
it's 2man teams
everyone grab a partner
!details blanaced_team

tien'chi
<@278302403475013634> you got a teammate
tired: racial slurs
wired: not using racial slurs
it owns that eggplant emoji the game throws the list off lol
hahahahaha
<@110869804197351424> i will need a channel for blanaced_team pretty soon
horrifying but i will grant this wish.
thanks
do you also need a roles
role
sure why not
the human immunodeficiency virus
sweet
do people even use the roles now that there is a bot
i dont think they do.
ok so list your teams here, me and <@114740794476331015> are team uhh... water i guess
!details
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game with alias balanced_team
<@110869804197351424> could you rename the channel correctly
to the incorrectly spelled game title
blanaced_team
thanks
is htis right
yes
!details

!details

nice.
üëåüèª
does anyone ever use the <@&398361215157665792> role
im probably going to delete the game specific roles
fuck u
owned.
<@278302403475013634> <@168228493174374400> <@97756994454188032> <@124333039735013376> <@233383745779007499> <@!169456837236621312> <@132718617971130369> <@271701070994997249> list your teams please
teams
``` pelagia + ys
marignon + asphodel
...
...
...```
ilbut yeah delwte it
pelegia + ys
i just thought you were the good samog who brings the turns
yeah i don't think game roles are needed anymore with the bot
i joined without knowing anyone so whomever wants to team up i'm game
cool
trying to get some more people in to balance out the teamless
coolbeans
i did it
the blitz role still exists
@2001
rip
if not we have 10 people here
and i think that's enough, 5 teams
uh i could partner with fakey
providing a much needed check on mall cop power.
ok
ulm+pyth?
yeah make sure you have some kind of synergy with your nations
also i'd like to order all the teams 'pretender + disciple' so include that too when you post your team
i'm the pretender
i have no idea if we synergize outside of me dumping early quills on my friend
divine is obv the disc
once i find air gems
the synergize is usually something like similar temps/bless benefiets
benefits
also not having scales for high res nations with a low res nation and visa versa
i'm down if you are prey, we'll knock our heads together and stratagize
to the mod inspector
protip: nations that get a bless bonus or a good dominion effect are good for pretenders
also protip: dont pick a domkill nation as your pretender
what does legions of steel do to some who's naked
yeah unless i'm totally misremembering who pythium is that aint a problem for us
nothing
also:ma ermor is offlimits and i'm running a pan nerf mod
oh, is that posted in <#401498099622608911> ?
or do you not need to have mods installed client side for multiplayer games? i'm pretty new to multi
nah when you join the game it'll download
good to know
that's convenient
what are the pan nerfs?
it gives them the pride of being in a legion
haw haw! nazca lost 15 of his condors on wolf tribe!!!
*looks at scouting reports* ah, he merely has 90 more out and about. this is fine.
https://i.imgur.com/lce6gxi.jpg
@details
god dammit
!details

just <@303193134026981389> left
i need a teammate for the pretenders game (agartha)
...who does not appear to be around to receive the ping
i think he staled the ea sports game too
maybe hes dead
uhhh ask <@96715337440952320> i think he made it
i'm playing agartha,  would like to team with someone who wants a good bless.
!details

nah, he submitted for this turn, but stalled on the prior one
[10:40 pm] prey: or do you not need to have mods installed client side for multiplayer games? i'm pretty new to multi
most mods will download and save when you connect
some mods will partially download and then crash your client repeatedly 30 turns in
ohno lol
because the game looks at, like, 1000 files
and then says "nobody could ever want more than 1000 files" and assumes the download is good
i think they fixed this in dom5 by increasing the number
seems like a weird workaround ü§î
literally one cave province on the map
my cave requirement was probably what was fucking up the map starting
<@120675876043096066> why
!details

master assassin huh
"so why does people like <@96715337440952320> not like disciple games etc" <@68614451045076992>  i personally don't like disciple games because they don't add very much to the game mechanically (and in some ways are just annoying - no wait command in allied lands for example), and they're more of a headache in terms of co-ordination and diplomacy. but that's just me!
which pan nerfs mod are you running <@68614451045076992>
i helped some guy out with one, i think you're probably using that one which i don't think does anything about their hp and might not even change their leadership, but does make wcs 80 gold
in my case i would be worried about dragging down my team mate in a gametype that would explicitly punish dead weight
i don't care if i get my ass killed like i did in <#405481368353505291> because its just me
but if its disciples then my team mate gets fucked by losing their team-mate
remember when nuclearmonkee made a map for a disciple game and asked me to hand place the starts and i accidentally placed one start so poorly hatwer quit dominions forever
thats not actually what happened but it is how i choose to remember it.
disciples can eat butt shit.
hm
idk what's good abt pan that needs to be nerfed
here is a small list that will neglect some things prob:

- seduction w/very likely swarm kills even on most failures on a useful research mage + leader
- recuperation and very large hp pools means you do not attrition very hard
- troops are heavily discounted and good
- all your research mages are also competent commanders
- you can get forts with nature gems as well as buying them (and can cast mother oak with a thistle mace on commanders from any fort)
- you get 25 gold flying scouts + troops from every single forest
- you get discounted infrastructure in forests
- pans are extremely good mages as well as good commanders and freespawners
- research path is a charge down alteration to get you everything you need early including gem -> fort conversion (research 0 for ea pan)
- very good god selection + useful sacred troops as well as sacred commanders, which unlike monkeys who just pay more for it with little benefit all have holy paths as well as troop leadership and lots of hp
- good national battlemagic as well as general earth/nature/some water + whatever you steal
- stealth on everything (which improves their already excellent map mobility due to forest survival on everything)
- nature + holy commanders everywhere mean you can fight quite well even in 0 pop lands vs undead
dang
its ok with teams of 2 i think.
<@96715337440952320> https://youtu.be/ojwadgiaz7i
if the pan player had scriped swarm / poison cloud he dies, rip to them
haha
i mean, i never expected guatam to live but yeah
he died next seduction cause he got crippled üò¶
i'd need a partner to play (bandar log, pretty new player), let me know if anyone wants that position
!details

!register bandar log blanaced_team
<@117041423492186112>: error: too many arguments. tip: spaces in arguments need to be quoted "like this"
we need one more, i guess they would be your partner
!register "bandar log" blanaced_team
<@117041423492186112>: registering ma bandar log for <@117041423492186112>
ya did it
!details

i should wait to design my disciple until after i have a partner, right?
that would probably be optimal yeah
yes
there might be 2 teamless/undecided people
but we need 1 more anyway
i'll join
need a partner though
<@117041423492186112> want to partner up?
seems like <@117041423492186112> is your boy
sure. i'll message you.
we'll get all the teams rounded up tomorrow, report your team to <@97756994454188032> when you're ready everyone
agreed
hang on
if a fort has 3 com points
should i be queuing up multiple mages per turn in that fort
so i get one and a half dudes per turn
have i only been recruiting 66% of the reborns i could be recruiting
yes
lol.
well fuck
trolled by dom5
get this though:
instead of wasting gold on mages you could have 3 scouts per fort per turn.
3 cum points.
<@233383745779007499> rude
hooray
<@282646158218756116> the rule of bogarus is mine, and no others
recruitment points are far too generous     - posted by: duvessa     replies: 82     rating: *****
recruitment points are far too generous     - posted by: duvessa     replies: 82     rating: ‚≠ê‚≠ê‚≠ê‚≠ê‚≠ê
what magic do i cast to kill a big bull
i think its immune to skeletons probably
it has 20 prot and regens 50 hp a turn
and negative encumbrance
don't tell him
it's a trap
disintegrate
soul slay
horror mark
what paths do you have
skeletons
pig make
all of the mr die spells basically
turn to frog
frozen heart
panic, terror
mind hunt
send horror
panic + terror will do nothing
yes it will
if you do it before you berserk him
for one thing they cap at -5 scare
so it's rolling vs 25
does it really
yes
that's dumb
i agree, it is only useful vs garbage now
centaurs or whatever dgaf
panic + terror will do nothing: the complete guide to being a millennial.
im ea ermor and i have a rainbow pretender
but its early game
so i have like evo5 ench5
i can horror mark him to fuck maybe
but he will just trample over skeletons and stay at full hp with 0 fatigue until my mages get tired
my research is good so i can maybe hit a rp target before he reaches my cap
!details

!details geneva

it'll be a few hours
didn't get a chance to look at it this morning before work
bane fire
will kill a bull
<@96715337440952320>  can you pass this comment along to the beta forum: if you're going to add new modding commands you also need to update your modding documentation because otherwise nobody will know those commands exist and you're fucking stupid and your game sucks.
you jusy need to hit 10 in a row
someone should post about geneva in the thread so non-discord people see it
okay,  who else doesn't have a team?
!details

too many damn turns
what is geneva, i can't see it on brainwrinkle or snek
it's fucked up to me that there are people who play multiplayer games via the dominions 5 steam forum.
!list

join geneva <@317410996169736204>
i'm the columns becoming slightly misaligned due to the rock hard cock emoji.
i didn't know you could actually view games on snek
i wont join games that don't have games servers thread posts.
i don't have a login
its 22 protection actually boing
even better
i could defeat your bull by... paying you to go away
how do you mod spells to transform yourself, is that documented anywhere
the power of capitalism
i am just sort of opportunistically taking border shit in my candles and dont plan to rush your cap anyway
people told me i had cool foriegn recruit shit in swamps and you had a swamp on my border while you were being killed by giants
and lo, i do!
that swamp was for lizard shamans and flamens
it was
now it is for enkidu bone tribe cosplay
and probably also shamens
i can also use some astral access after all
just wait until i get 10 bane fire casters
i will wait
let me know when ok
anyway i am just taking your lands for safekeeping for your own good
9000 years in browser paint program
once you easily defeat the :squints at scout report: fire shield blood vengeance giants i will return them
anyway please do not kill my bull or else i will have to revive him in like 2-3 turns with 0 consequences because i am ur
oh yeah ur doesn't lose paths on pretender death
do you still have the %chance to gain a point of death?
<@317410996169736204> probably look at silt mod to see how transform modding works
i don't know
probably prey, there's also a tiny chance for blood
you have to already have blood and death tho
also my research mage-priests count for more
when reviving!
so there you go
so no suiciding my bull over and over to break into blood and death?
perpetually warp your bull into the ocean until blood 9 ü§î
solid plan
solid ea ur plan
<@282646158218756116> good idea jsoh.
the one time i let my yomi pg die
he *lost* a level of death on rez
fucked up
it's like 10/1% for death /blood probably
i suggested that they make ur pg come back with 0 experience or afflictions and with all empower and curse and horror marks removed but they didn't go for it
so there's actually some downside to this really strong ability
still laughing at the "and not at all any kind of second thing" punchline, one day later.
what happens if i raid a province someone else is sieging
ok guys steam forums accidentally found the most powerful thing in the game
wishing for a doom horror makes it eat the throne
lmao
that fucking owns
does that work before cataclysm
why wouldn't it
i mean give it a shot, i haven't tested it myself
the throne eating stuff is just a unit tag you can apply to anything
so even send horror theoretically
correct
with good rolls
correct
blood is strong
and 0 pd
if it beats pd i'm guessing it'll eat a throne in the part of the turn it exists
on the grounds that this is how they work if they beat pd on a forted throne in cataclysm
it only exists for the magic battle phase
since they are tagged to fuck off after one turn innit?
err one battle
in any case
wishing for doom horror eating a throne is so ftw
yeah
i guess if you get a good roll on the wish and they dont quit fast enough you could kill one or two thrones
for a hundred gems
ya
worth tbh
whats up with fucking caelum in theorodos game having a enchantment discount site with a fort and no lab
maybe it froze in the cold
or they deleted the lab to infuriate an attacker
they been ai
holy moley
i really doubt they deleted it before going ai but maybe
and the ai just didn't put a lab there over tge last year
what do i do with 250 fire gems
what faction are you
therodow
gimme a sec to check if the right answer isn't "wait until 5.15 when you get a huge new spell"
i guess i can make skull of fire to go with ring of wizards, forge a fire hat and uhh
have f5
maybe 6 depending on random
make a skull of fire and use it to obtain 4000 gold
im already forging 3 lanterns a turn
what happens to the victory count when a horror eats a throne?
it goes down by the amount of points the throne was worth
i might run out of research before cataclysm
is it that j brereton i thought it went down proportionally
idk it was that way in like 4.97
sec
i will see
i will see
so 9 out of 12 points would go to 7/9 if a level 3 died
so 9 out of 12 points would go to 7/9 if a level 3 died
im currently job, sadly
im currently job, sadly
i have improved the markov algorithm
i have improved the markov algorithm
.markov jsoh
.markov jsoh
.markov i might
.markov i might
still bad.
still bad.
actually, it's good.
actually, it's good.
much like your posting
much like your posting
ack, foiled by touch typing
ack, foiled by touch typing
!details geneva
!details geneva


.markov bot
.markov bot
lol i can't add the 'is' command because commands are defined in the api as python functions and 'is' is a reserved name
lol i can't add the 'is' command because commands are defined in the api as python functions and 'is' is a reserved name
.markov bless
.markov bless
.markov get ye
.markov get ye
lmao
lmao
hmm it should be ending sentences in a more natural way
hmm it should be ending sentences in a more natural way
maybe i'll make a function called "def" just to spite you
maybe i'll make a function called "def" just to spite you
i will investigate this
i will investigate this
can't you use an annotation/decorator to override the command name or something?
can't you use an annotation/decorator to override the command name or something?
cool trick: make it seek strings that end with fullstops so that it always ends up typing like me.
cool trick: make it seek strings that end with fullstops so that it always ends up typing like me.
yeah i can work around it but it's still lol
yeah i can work around it but it's still lol
.markov bullshit
.markov bullshit
is there a .in command yet
is there a .in command yet
.in
.in
fucked up
fucked up
what do i pay you robot idiots for
what do i pay you robot idiots for
im not sure how to do that
im not sure how to do that
nobody has said *in samog voice* much in this channel
nobody has said *in samog voice* much in this channel
do i just generate a random markov chain but prefix it with *in [random_user] voice*
do i just generate a random markov chain but prefix it with *in [random_user] voice*
seems like a 1-1 fall at least with level 1 thrones jsoh
seems like a 1-1 fall at least with level 1 thrones jsoh
also holy shit i had no idea the horrors could eat 2 thrones in one turn lol
also holy shit i had no idea the horrors could eat 2 thrones in one turn lol
yeah
boing it was literally just a markov but prefaced with "in
or *in
yeah *
can you test if rarku and uhh
the other slacker doom horrors also kill thrones
or if its just kurgi scab agon and the other guy
hruvir
.markov you should
thats better
.markov markov
.markov bot
.markov your posting
https://imgur.com/tpxx5w3
lol
v. nice
note: this army was created by a player and not the ai
.markove you're posting
.markov you're posting
damn, i didn't realize panic did nothing now.  what about terror?
wait
lol
panic does nothing now?
you went full on conjuration, i guess.
you didn't defeat the light infantry
it doesn't do nothing
there was only one
it is just less effective than in the past
it does nothing vs a 30 morale berserker
what about the blood one
the vending machines here take bank cards
.markov arcosephale
same jsoh
thats v. common now
.markov yomi
it's not common
here
and especially not when you are in the middle of fucking nowhere
.in
arcoscephale has a hard k sound after the 's'
thanks professor
.markov jsoh
.markov conot
haha
new markov is great
.tag jbrereton prescriptivist
.tags conot
it is a very inefficient implementation so it might burn through my hosting's allotted cpu cycles.
atleast i'm only a medium prescriptivist
.q conot
.q conot
a bad quote
.q -1
.markov .q
v helpful
.markov trolls
.markov jonjoe
!details

.markov anime
lmao
.is jsoh computer luddite
.is jsoh good
i have implemented all feature requests.
thanks boing and thank you bot
.request "you're welcome", and perhaps some spicier, more sarcastic messages upon thanking the robot
hmm something in that string broke it
but i'll do that
.request a full neural net designed to play dominions 5 better than the inbuilt ai
.tag jonjoe ai optimist
today ai is solving problems that are beyond human cognitive ability, like the 'muffin or chihuaha' discrimination task

hahahha
an effort was made
online image recognition/segmentation is getting pretty good though https://youtu.be/voc3huqhrss
finally, an ai that can go ai
at one point
it detect a motorbike as a horse
extreme power move: client decides 3 hours into day shift that they want night shift to start tonight
close enuf
it still works better than a human at 40 fps jonjoe
no its still cool as heck, i agree
i just thought that was funny
jusy got back to my room i have to be at work in 8 hours later
getting fat ot stacks
thats... *checks hand*
bad
no
it's good
he will get a lot of money
15 hours pay
"do what you can, with what you have, where you are" - that italian isonzo guy
13 hours tuesday, 10 wednesday , 15 thursday
im going to do nothing tonight lmao
im bringing my fuckin switch gunna play mario kart to try to stay awake
im glad i work for several hours a day on a computer, instead of for days at a time in a toxic gas factory
will you be standing or sitting around
fully horizontal and loving it
i actually prefer working at the limb removal factory over the office
on exciting days my limbs might get removed by a robot
ill keep you posted.
i really really like doing things with my hands
i would go insane at a computer toucher position
at the limb removal factory the people aren't uptight office drones and you do real work until it's done. when it's done no one even pretends to be working we just fuck around until their shift ends
thats how work should be
agree actual office work sucks like hell
i am soon to do some office work and i hate it but bills
before boss told me that i had to go back to sleep so i could work tonight i was sitting at my counter eating a cookie that someone else paid for
i prefer working from home
listening to music
too bad no one will let me üò¢
wish i could get a retard masturbator gig conot
and yeah my brain does the "good job idiot you did a thing that actually works and something tangible comes out the other end!
<@282646158218756116> one out of two aint bad
and it feels good
i can't work from home more than 2 days a week or i turn into a goon hermit
!register "abyssia" blanaced_team
<@173517171496845312>: error: could not find nation: abyssia
wanna hear something fucked up
just stop going outside. exist in a bath robe for 3 days in a row etc
if working completely shit hours as a baker didn't pay next to nothing i would do it again i think
im going to be in charge ofl ike 3 other people
abysia!
please make sure they stand around correctly
that's your job
turn your office into a standing office
and then sit down
enjoy anarchy
i think manual work would make me crazy actually
i have a desk that adjusts so i can stand or sit
everyone whos done this  plant before says theres lots of cleaning
lots of masks to clean
but i havent seen it yet
i don't think it would boing
manual work owns
it makes you crazy if it's *repetitive*
but yeah i have 3 people to make do that i guess
repetitive work sucks
yas
i used to work in a bar which is not even that repetitive
work sets you free
plz no anime naziism
!register "ma abysia" blanaced_team
<@173517171496845312>: error: could not find nation: ma abysia
go back to four chan
but like "hay the giant robot machine took a shit and dumped all of the oil all over the ground please work with mecxhanical guys and diagnose/fix"
is fun
manual work is okay if it's not repetitive, yeah
!register "abysia" blanaced_team
<@173517171496845312>: registering ma abysia for <@173517171496845312>
okay there we go
repititive stress injuries even have their own name
making things and having them actually appear is really good
<@282646158218756116> please don't spoil my nazi traps tyvm
it's part of why i like modding dominions, because it is very very easy to make a thing and have it do something inside that framework
dominions is the second best game i've ever modded for
yeah when the robot machine works again and returns to it's duty of occasionally amputating fingats it's very good
the first best being warcraft 3
i like doing the same thing over and over and over again and iteratively improving
thats why the only jokes i ever write use the ancient forms .
i lose my god damn mind doing repeat tasks
the only repeat task i can stand is
data entry
b/c its kinda zen
ughhh
like if i have a job that involves doing x more than maybe 10 times i will spend a couple hours making the computer do it for me
even if i could have done it in less
take apart regulator
clean
insepct
repair if req
rebuild regulator
love it.
ya i always go somewhat broke brained repeating things and as soon as p much any opportunity to not repeat that thing again appears i take it
dont worry because ai will obsolete all manual labour within 20 years
that is not true
nah it won't boing
if i have anything to say about it
it will obsolete repetitive manual labor, and already pretty much has if people feel like buying the robot
the only way a robot obsoletes my job is if they build a robot that can clean oil for cheaper than a man can
and a man will do it preetttty fucking cheap
for one thing builders have the get up and go to kick the shit out of a robot so expect building to stay manual for a long time
theres no way to make a robot that actually does my job so i would have to be obsoleted by not having to have safety for the guys doing the actual work
servicing machines is not something that is easy to automate because a human will do more than just clean the machine
the human will notice if the machine is breaking or fucking up
robots are even obseleting the retard masturbator job
yeah thats what i mean
a robot wouldnt do my actual job just the jobs that rely on my job to be completed
there will always be human slaves for the robots
my boss is working on robots that dispose nuclear waste
and even those are fucking way hard for a robot to do
!details

or maybe not always but at least for the next 20 years
let me know when you have a robot that can wade into 14 feet of highly corrosive sludge and blast chemicals at it for 24 hours a day
robots can do almost anything manual the question is if it costs less or more than the equivilent human labor
and not blow up or break down
more than a human being would
robots + humans break down in different ways and that's a whole other kettle of fish
man call lesser horror failed hard
maybe i shouldnt have cast hellpower
trying to keep the fucking robot clean and functional would almost certainly be more expensive than paying 2 crackheads to do it
oh is that where all the horrors came from
i was wondering
but you gotta make sure the crackheads die off site instead of on site
are you a
crackhead jsoh
no
he has 3 people for that
im the guy who keeps the crackheads from dying until they hit the gate
lol
labor practice, everybody
honestly they are mostly meth or alcoholics
yeah one of the operators i work with at the largest bio mass power plant in oregon is a raging alcoholic
like if he has to work extra and cant make it to the bar when his shift ends he starts shaking and stuff
turns out people who willingly wade into 10 feet of toxic corrosive sludge sometimes have social problems
yeah
can a devourer of souls
devour horror souls
yes
yep
bc <@178868273935417344> horror marked my god but i think its fine
ok
he can devour any souls
yeah devourer doesn't give a single fuck
he's the devourer of souls!
i didnt know if horrors had souls.
you know some of the horrors have the same attack as devourer of souls right
theirs are mr negate though arent they
sos his innit
no
its the same attack
devourer is just lol u die
.unit devourer
fuck you robots
!unit devourer
<@96715337440952320>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=devourer&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
!unit devourer
<@282646158218756116>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=devourer&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
!unit devourer
<@169456837236621312>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=devourer&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
the devourer is why i did not attack boing
well, that and the land immediately between us is trash
so i'd have to already be winning before i saw any gains at all
!details geneva

i assassinated a bunch of birb mages and recovered a quill
i didnt think devourer would dissuade you that much
he kills one unit per turn forever
well the way to defeat a devourer is skelespam
but your nation is better at that than his
what are the geneva rules
and with a handful of trash decoys he will delete all of my units
and also you have stompers
which are strong vs skelespam
you are a conundrum
stompers don't matter since my dumb giants are size four
theym atter since they kill bugs and skeletons
the devourer beats a rush though
tomb chariots seem to actually have a good attack
against large dudes
!unit tomb chariot
<@148098869782118401>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=unit&unitq=tomb%20chariot&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
they have 5 hp or whatever
they dont fight gamhirds and win
i would only need the size 4 to wall the wizards would delete the chariots
so they get overkilled by powerful giants
they are very easy to delete
also that
boing can i rely on you to not touch the poo and leave me alone in my tower of books
like you can just spam star fires into them and they all die chariots are nbd if you have big
patala is ai just take patalas shit
we already did
i see their flag
or is there more on the other side he hasn't taken yet
take the rest of absums shit i dont want it
after this turn patala will have zero things by us
citadels take forever to siege
do you hear that absum
ive diplomanced you into freedom!
i already have citadels to siege im not attacking absums
they do indeed take fucking forever
can someone fuckin trade me 10 death gems so i dont have to alchemize
i learned about 3 com point forts today.
ive found 0 death gems
boing dont you have a 3 com point cap
does ctis not have 3 commnd points
sorry all death gems go toward chariot production
you are so fucking bad
my cap had 3 command points but i was making one empoisoner a turn
now all my forts have 3 command points.
lmao
i lost a army to indies on turn 27 or whatever it is im eternally shamed
16 fuckin heavy cav wtf
i expertly scouted that battle
it was good
boing did you realize you can queue two empoisoners yet
nuclear monkey, absum, i need 10 d or a skull staff
i have done that now
and have 2,1,2,1 etc
ok good
now im recruiting 1.5 reborns a turn from every fort which is even better
did they break mason last patch because i noticed the game is allowing me to upgrade my stuff to citadels
i hope thats how it works anyway
utgard starts with a 2 com point cap
but i noticed i had the option to upgrade it and am doing so
plz no exploiterino
also can u at least say no to me about trading for some d
it is quite possible monkee that they have a shitty startfort
they do have a shitty start fort
but was i allowed to upgrade it all along
i just want to make a labia queen...
luckily that is now moddable
because it's like 450 for a cap com point
that's a good deal
idk how many d i have jsoh
i think it's some
my double gold mine is a castle now or hwatever the highest level agartha can build and is 300 golds
jbrereton please mod silt to make a specific spell so skratti vampires are still skratti
so i can have a flying invulnerable immortal wolf man
if you make the sprites monkee i will make a seperate release of things with their own vamp sprite
using the power of #onlymnr
what does a vampire skratti look like
absum fuclker abusm
i see u
it looks like a skratti doing count drac cosplay
so he sparkles?
and has a cape
with a dress shirt and a popped collar + cape
this is incidentally exactly how all vcs look
if u make vampire skratti shapeshift into vampire werewoofs and vampire large dogs thast probably insanely overpowered
and maybe in werewolf form they have a bat instead of wolf head
they need to give the fucking mod tagggggg so we can make vampire spell just impart fly immortal invuln25 undead cr15 pr15
and i guess fire vuln five
and afraid of water
oh wait it goes palisade fortress castle citadel
but i can still make citadels
monkee people would be bewildered if it did not visually look like a vampire
fuck those people
worm and lich changing ur body makes sense but vampire not so muhc
i just want to transform immensely powerful units into vampires and shit
lich should just get a lich thats the correct size
i understand + relate monkee but otoh without amusing sprites, whats the point
all casters with significant death and blood paths should get custom vampire sprites
ms paint red blood drops around mouth
this needs to be a project
to at least make special sprites for all of the common db wizards
grammas, skratti need to be vamps
lumpy gramma with a luxurious cape
all priest vampires need to be carrying a big ass crucifix
or star of david for gath etc
why would a priest vampire carry a crucifix
i dont know sounds suspiciously anime
for liches it's easy at least
just big lich
lizard lich. i already made that btw
i made a ghul lich sprite and it was surprisingly difficult
does life after death still make agarthas twice as strong
saurolichcraft is in the la predator lizard mod
nice
i should update that and make a game with it
if i send a telkhine with a staff of storms to turn 1 acid rain will that wipe a bird army
i guess lots of those stormy fly
.markov lizard people
hmm.
you will need some guards on the telkhine
.markov
weird it works on test server
look at dat sexy beast
i could make it smaller for a regular lizard
nb: sprites must be at least slightly more high effort than this
uhh im pretty sure that's perfect
uhh im pretty sure that's perfect
is that a t shirt
no. it's a poofy fancy vampire shirt
no. it's a poofy fancy vampire shirt
with a popped collar and a red cape
with a popped collar and a red cape
very vampire
very vampire
that took an enire a couple of minutes, so this mod could take... pfft... entire a couples of hours
that took an enire a couple of minutes, so this mod could take... pfft... entire a couples of hours
oh shit
oh shit
i dont have any regen gear to give him
don't you have an en two somewhere
i can jsut send someone to cast regen on him and die
http://puu.sh/zopht/8049e6cfc8.jpg
http://puu.sh/zopht/8049e6cfc8.jpg
this just landed on the fort hes standing in
this just landed on the fort hes standing in
time to shademail and fuck off
im pretty sure i kill it actually
lmo
the fuckin
annunaki is  holding a staff of storms already
what
http://puu.sh/zopsd/25c29ed17b.jpg
this kills the birds i believe
is that a telkhine who makes it puke
ya
im pretty sure the acid rain will get the job done tho
a lot faster than the fart
ive got another telkhine in the fort but this guys breaking siege
ok i think that kills the birds unless they fire largest and have a really good shoot bless
they have death bless i think
the guys ai
oh right rip birds
reanimators
is his bless
the absolute madman
the only things that are storm immune are the archers who are going to not immediately rush my guys and slay them with their magic weapons
so i get to defeat them all iwth acid rain and hopefully not lose my guy
but he has 90 hp and should be regenning
gonna lol if 6 fravashi instantly blow those commanders to pieces
theres only 1 commander whos allowed a fravashi
unless more guys show up idk
unless they are specifically targetted with #guardspiritbonus -99999 or what have you i think they're all valid
yeah none of them are priests
its only priests allowed to make those guys
are u sure
ive never seen a not sacred make one
i guess you'll find out b/c a telkhine is quite spooky
but i could be wrong idk i dont play inferior birdmans
im pretty sure a fravashi or 4 wont kill my telkhine
of that list i guess only the mairya is a sacred but i think (not 100% sure) that all ea caelums get a shot at a guardian spirit
i have to wake up in six hours
good luck at the puke pits of carcares
im going to make a quiche bye for now
i mean i have the paths and they all unlock at conj8
wow queens did work
master smith (2)
i was nort expecting this
server down?
huh, what has that?
<@282646158218756116> be careful to not hp route yourself
acid storm is going to kill all of your goast
hmm
maybe less ghost
your boss man should be at least twenty six percent of all hp
does his shapeshifted hp count
it looks at starting hp
before any summons, retinues, etc
he will have regen right
so maybe 30% of total hp
to allow for a particularly brutal acid storm tick
that wouos only allow for like 4 ghosrs with fluffers
do you have bottles of living water
they act as bonus
do blood slaves count for that hp
no
ok maybe take 30 blood slaves if you can
blood slaves and waters and stuff pop up as retinues
to act as meat screen
they will all melt to death in a couple rounds
maybe if you wooden/marble them
that's okay
i have bottles of water
the point is to not get killed instantly by iceclad
mighty marble blood slaves
i can wood them
[telkhine voice] in absolute awe at the size of this 'clad
a thick layer of slaves and some ghosts with bottles will do it
you can stack bottles on more commanders if you need to with a powerful script of retreat
each can hold two. it's allowed
if you were an insanely good nation you could also wear the buffalo hat
the *mega* smith
i think guard commanders will retreat with them now
the water eles from bottles dont guard
they will do water ele things
maybe include a swarm caster or two
the bugs don't have to live long and acid storm is only 50% of battlefield per tick
piles of garbage strategem really is the best strat i think
overall
*weeps and throws his flask into the air after reading jerek's message*
they keep changing retinue orders i think; they're back to attack now after the guard intermezzo
yeah they unfucked it thank god
the best phase was when retinues guarded and also appeared on castle walls
love to have my water elementals guarding the wall along with my blood slaves
but monkee it owned that water bottles in cold provinces completely terminated your own communion
yeah and doesn't fatigue damage interrupt
so the layers of cold would just continually cancel spells
until you passed out and died
ya lol
not sure about fatigue damage interrupt but constantly stacking snownage was real
varfur flames is actualy really strong now did anyone notice that
because units love to fuck around in the gate house area
running back and forth because the wall archers jangle keys at them
has anyone ever used the put lions in front of your fort spell ever
no
it's bad
it got cut off, expect part 2 this turn
it makes order
so u csn have more rec points, or not a civil war
does it make it fast enough to matter
maybe? idk
or is it like all of the other spells not named illwinter in that it is almost entirely cancelled by your dominion
isn't it like level 8
hany many geoms does it require
too many
it's ten +  n
with n being desired duration i think
it seems ass
i have sixty nine unread emails. i am terminating the connection with the mail server
nice
!details

who's on what team
<@278302403475013634> <@168228493174374400> <@124333039735013376> <@284890830165114880> <@271701070994997249> <@117041423492186112>  team report
me (ulm) + <@278302403475013634> (pythium)
who pretender/disc
haven't decided that one yet. at work currently will figure out tonight
jot (pret )and caelum (disc)
me as disciple (abysia) and djanatan as pretender (bandar log)
still haven't found a teammate.  is @gaslov the other person who doesn't have one?
here are the teams sofar that i remember
pelagia (p) + ys (d)
jotunheim (p) + caelum (d)
bandar log (p) + abysia (d)
<@110869804197351424> pls pin
where are my turns
.markov i love to eat
good
bot confirmed as horror
.markov i wish for
bot confirmed nihilist
thought i was with ulm, guess not
let's team up imp
okay,  sounds good
i am vanheim
i can be disciple.  i've not played as a disciple
i sent you a pm to work out our devious plans.
but i'm cool with being pretender.
.q add nevermore i wish for armageddon a thought - this is a jail but with fins
absolutely smashed that quiche btw boys
i had a pasty from the pound bakery m8.
what flav'
meat and potato.
nice
i'm with <@173517171496845312> , i'm pretender, he is disciple
i ate a fancy salad for lunch, was good
!unregister
<@124333039735013376>: removing user <@124333039735013376> from all nations in game blanaced_team
!register nazca
<@124333039735013376>: registering ma nazca for <@124333039735013376>
gaslov and i are teaming
nazca (p) + vanheim (d)
i had leftovers
but it was leftover steak so fuck yeah
!details

!details

the quest for good fucc
i want a pasty
make it happen, be the change  you want to see
i dont want to make it
i want to buy it at a store
<@!169456837236621312> https://www.pathofexile.com/bestiary
im going to order a poutine delivered right to my door
lmao uber shaper
have to fight them at the same time
i could barely kill the fucking elder on red maps by himself

<@68614451045076992> ‚úÖ
is ocnquest of elysium good
keep in mind i am deeply and irredeemably retarded
probably then
ice elementals are better than water elementals right
they have cold aura
which beats.. uhh.. no cold aura
they also trample instead of having attacks
and have protection
instead of no protection
so: probably
it occasionally might depend, based on what you're fighting
<@68614451045076992> i'm ulm(p) and <@278302403475013634>  is pythium(d)
<@110869804197351424> scroll up all the way and pin my complete teams list please
make kremath edit his post
mod abuse
and no
ice elementals are not really better than water elementals unless you buff them up which is somewhat easier said than done
liquid body is a v nice buff that wes come with innately
waters punch very often
ya 3x iirc crush attack
yeah
ok
so these teams are final yeah?
<#413548311635689482>
hey <@173950598138298368> disciple game is decided on teams
look at the pin
ok sec
i'll generate the map now
well
like half an hour, i'm in a ss13 game
ok
waters are probably better at fighting good stuff
ice probably better at fighting garbage
!details

<@97756994454188032> <@!169456837236621312> which one of you is the satan and which one is the crybaby
don't sign your posts.
if only there was a post
neat and organized
displaying that info
oops
<:rip:372893660963930112>
you didn't even save who is the pretender or disciple
cmon
so
like i said
which one
its ordered
nice job!
i had carrots
ugh
<@153656281448710145> your latest version is fucked up https://i.imgur.com/gmhfjnv.png
unlimited power
tried doing a clean reinstall
lets see if it works
actually this turn wasnt so bad
<@!148098869782118401> bandar has far more elephants than i planned on. help.
do temple checks still go roaming far afield to find candles to push?
or are they range-limited now
there must always be a candle king
don't help the scum bone throne claimer
i'm more pissed that you're knocking over my elephant scaring operations before they can properly get started
what are two boner tribe provinces worth if i don't have the infrastructure to make d1s
sounds like you have boner difficulties
!details

the pigilith! we destroy that and this is over!
actually thats a real good panko name
this is the second reported instance of province numbers and/or connections getting fucked up
i have not been able to reproduce it or track it down via the .map and .tga files, but i will try again if the files are available
<@275205678010859520> if you want to make more sprites we could talk but i've moved on from ice atm
nice
seems to be fixed now
apparently it happens if you drag and drop a new version ontop of an old version
its god
when are we planning to start? i will have to be afk for saturday because my students are playing in a tournament
waiting on <@173950598138298368>
yeah give me a sec
what sort of teacher has students that play in a tournament
are you a coach or something
i just don't want to stale a turn or anything
make a living teaching chess, so yes
i'll extend to 48 hrs for a bit
that's neat
it's pretty good
tedious sometimes
too bad chess is solved!!!! >:d nahahahaha
not even close
<:wow:372896749716504588>
ulm please send me earth gems so i can cast the fun hidden spells
.markov elephants
.markov elephant
ü§î
.markov anime
lol
fucked up bot
.markov anime
!turns
.markov !turns
the robot is, so good at diagnosing anime probs
.markov robot
<@96715337440952320> check <#402573881145294848> to see that 3 sloth 3 turmoil 3 luck yomi is the toppest strat
i refuse to break into your game
i'm glad of things going well
nice 4000 gold
i mean they're going well in a relative manner
i have like 0 thrones lmao
protip: obtain the thrones to win
don't at your peril
what turn is it even
thanks sensei
42?
41?
alright you've got like 25 turns still then
the wifi at this camp is faster than the internet at my house
my biggest dom5 weakness is that i lack the resolve to follow through on murdering someone unless they start shit
i'm like the biggest isolationist
wheres my one province strat for dom
your biggest weakness is anime.
no one wants to diplomance with an anime.
in the world where weakness means strength, sure
also you literally diplomanced with me like 2 turns ago in <#407478578054168577>
and its a double example because you're anime in that game
but i want spells
i just said "hey dont attack me" and you didnt
proving your anime based weakness
how do i find the ip?
<:wow:372896749716504588>
!help
<@284890830165114880>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !start <address:port> [<alias>]: register a started server for a lobby game
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
god bless this smiley
it's not up yet gaslov
and this server name
we gotta wait for <@173950598138298368> to make it
!commands
the most powerful of blesses
!help
i might have an easier fix
<@282646158218756116>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !start <address:port> [<alias>]: register a started server for a lobby game
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
!lobby ma 12 oil
<@282646158218756116>: creating game lobby with name oil
hey <@153656281448710145> can you do a 'clustered start' option for disciples? 8)
!register nazca oil
<@282646158218756116>: registering ma nazca for <@282646158218756116>
<@68614451045076992> there's supposedly a new ui for team games
the game "oil" will be a 12 player game tunr 69 cataclysm no pan no ermor no water 27 hour turn timer magic sites 60 thrones 3/3/6 14 points to win
try making a game with the disciple game thing turned on
ah but have you considered that i did say please
common events all story events.
i dont have enough turns.
ok
oh yeah 7 global slots
<@68614451045076992> i actually considered doing some start shennanigans for disciples games but the demand is so incredibly low that it did not seem worth the effort
its not actually going to be on peliwyr i just dont have a list of mans to make a map for yet
rip
wait
are there even 60 thrones in the throne list?
oh, misread
now i'm kind of disappointed tbh
<@68614451045076992> like i can do the teams for you but someone said the new version of dom5 added a teams ui to the start
so if i don't have to, that's a bonus
ahhh ok
i'
m
currently testing the map to see if i can do clustered starts
there are
https://i.imgur.com/ilrtm7n.png hmmm
yeah clustered start seems kinda borked
https://i.imgur.com/mrzauzb.png
https://i.imgur.com/mrzauzb.png
https://i.imgur.com/xsufzyd.png
https://i.imgur.com/xlwf2vb.png
another ma game?!?
ya i wanna play nazca
!register marignon oil
<@179427307386044416>: registering ma marignon for <@179427307386044416>
one team has literally adjacent capitals
yeah so
would you guys be ok with unclustered starts?
why not all ages it and play nazca
meaning that more often then not, your teammate may have an enemy capital inbetween them
i think im going to go with a bless thats not quickness+ thunder weapons
fucked up
but true
example: https://i.imgur.com/lydfvoz.png
i'm fine with unclustered.
er wait
ok
bless rush ftw. map placement will get someone out early.
ok
did the pinned message get fixed
yes
my policy of malign neglect is paying off
nice
what is the best story event
demon gate
killed pan's god
now what to do next
maybe take some thrones?
i'm really pissed off with that wraith lord you killed btw
hey everyone
what's the mod with the pan nerf
<@173950598138298368> can't connect to https://dom5.snek.earth/games/85
huh
a moment
i just restarted it
nope not workin
oh boy the log is 500mb
i wonder what broke
ruh roh
also my map that i uploaded (blanaced_team) has the wrong map thumbnail?
... oh
"good news"
i found the bug
sec
the job queue thingy overflowed the smallint datatype on the jobs table on the database
just gotta make it bigger
neat
did i stale a turn?
<@68614451045076992> something should've happened
just connected
i can set teams
üòÑ
<#413548311635689482> submit your pretenders bois
!details

!help
<@68614451045076992>: commands (server alias is optional, defaults to channel name): 
- !add <address:port> [<alias>]: save the dom5 server address
- !list: return a list of the saved server addresses and aliases
- !delete [<alias>]: remove the server address from the list
- !details [<alias>]: return a list of the nations and their statuses in the game
- !register nation_prefix [<alias>]: register yourself as a nation in a game
- !unregister [<alias>]: unregister yourself in a game
- !turns: show all of the games you're in and their turn status
- !notifications {true, false}: enable/disable turn notifications
- !lobby {ea/ma/la} <num_players> [<alias>]
- !start <address:port> [<alias>]: register a started server for a lobby game
- !{item, spell, unit, site, merc, event} <text>: get dom5inspector search url
- !help: display this text
!start snek.earth:30085 blanaced_team
<@68614451045076992>: started!
!details

<@278302403475013634> <@168228493174374400> <@97756994454188032> <@173517171496845312> <@233383745779007499> <@!169456837236621312> <@284890830165114880> <@271701070994997249> <@117041423492186112> <@124333039735013376> <@114740794476331015>
üëÜüèª
<@68614451045076992> when you connect, is there a teams ui of some kind
how do i upload to snek
yes
neat
it's like when you're the game server except you can just set your own team
you don't have to let the host do it
yeah
if it works like that then this is good
yeah i've never used anything but llamaserver and direct connect
<@168228493174374400> just connect to the server
i had a teams ui 30% finished but honestly i'll never get to that
<@173517171496845312> connect to snek.earth:30085
well now you don't have to
indeed
the mod is dont allow pans in you game

i'm doion something wrong
doin
the 300085 doesnt go in the first box
:in an extremely pan voice: that seems extreme
it goes in the one after
h lol
oh
and no colon
yes
okay thanks
got it working
give me a second and i'll write you one up
oh didn't know we had the immortality mod
probably should change up my god who was supposed to be making vampires eventually
yeah
rip
what does that mod do
instead of making a vamp, you become a vamp
uploaded
mod idea to balance pan: every turn every province owned by a pan gets an event that causes a heron to attack, increasing unrest and killing population
<@282646158218756116> does the vamp mod basically make the vamp spell useless
or just different uses
dont ping me in this garbage channel
see now i'm kinda tempted to run an azi just so i can make it an immortal
also its not my mod
you talk abt vamps alot so i forget
if you have good casters you want to be immortal seems pretty good
it makes it so you have vampires with different paths than default vampires
and also makes it so you have very many less vampires
etc
if you are trying to break into death with them it kinda messes with you
i guess it's good if you have a tiny baby wizard pretender or an immobile pretender
think of it as uber twice born
or a mage with good combat paths but not a good combat body
<@!148098869782118401>  ill give u 600 gold for that province we bumped in and 12 turn nap
wow the perfect pan mod
my idea is probably better than whatever that is
which is probably :set era 0
no it is in fact an attempt
rather than take nations entirely out of the game mod
what it do?
do you read mod-ese?
<@282646158218756116> be advised that you are disciple games work with the built-in tools johan has graced you with
im not in this game and i will not play a disciple game but thna kyou for that.
hmm it turns out it needs a tweak as i didn't realise la pan got cheap temples everywhere thus making their description + 400 gold temples in forests a bit weird, sec
i also saw that already the first time you said it i think
but in general it's basically a 30%ish hp nerf, leadership nerf, infrastructure cost nerf, and rp nerf to pan plus moving castle make spells to constr
having a heron come and mess up their pots and pans every turn is more thematic.
also black harpies are more expensive and manakins are less completely shit worthless for ma aspho because they were a tragedy
did manikans get nerfed or soemthing
they are really strong? multiple magic weapon attacks that do sleep
they are not so strong in practice
its impossible to know
the game itself is stale
they are not strong enough to make up for losing black centaurs after a year but they are strong

this fucking shit is so fucking useless
if the oracle had any armour and a charcoal shield he'd have won that solo
fat lazy fucker
fine
when he wakes up he can make himself some armour
i didn't do anything, they just work through the miracles of illwinter
here we go updated version which fixes the la pangaea temple cost issue
kremath are you using the updated siltmod or the old one
!details

how is the silt mod in practice?
looks intriguing
is there a place i can see the changes in the we like options mod?
.tag divinefrog heir of kitfox
it's silt v2
o we have tags now
!details geneva
should there be a modding channel, to go with the mods one
!details geneva
rip?
!turns
is this game real
good
how on earth
samog i feel like yes but only for making fun sprites of vamps but it's a witch king from sauromatia or similar
bot fucking dead
i am confused.  when i need to do something,  let me know what to do.
does this mod really buff air elementals?
can you link me the .dm file?
just drag it onto here and it'll work

it does appear to buff air elementals yes
lol ok
!details
<@124333039735013376> connect to the server and upload if you haven't
and make sure you select the correct team
<@255835336083636234> bot ded
yeah i know
make it so that the preferred scales of pan are 3 turmoil and 3 sloth
!details geneva

okay,  i'm working out how this works.  only used llama and direct connect so far.   is this a pbem  system or direct direct?
that is not a doable thing kremath, well, hope htat helps
sign up to my game there's 3 spots left
oh my god
connect to network game
put in snek.earth
gotcha
then the port 30085
!details

thought snek.earth was a meme,  but it is also the real url
blanced_teams broke the bot lol
click your nation to upload god and set yourself to the correct team disc/pretender status
turns out it can't handle disciple games
yep!
another big strike against them
i'm fixing it now
how did it break it
okay,  direct connect is ez, especially when it actually has a registered url.
did you just import a half dozen people from someplace else to fill your game kremath lmao
it caused an overflow in the atrociousness array
i think anyway
```
impl submissionstatus {
    pub fn from_int(x: u8) -> self {
        match x {
            0 => submissionstatus::notsubmitted,
            1 => submissionstatus::partiallysubmitted,
            2 => submissionstatus::submitted,
            _ => panic!("unrecognised submission_status {}", x),
        }
    }
}
```
that error failed
im going to play recklessly and with the diplomatic ability of trump
from official discord jsoh
because i refuse to make it to the late game in a disciple game
sorry, "official" discord
you are in the very official discord server please be polite
my current theory is that disciple games has some submission status that isn't 0, 1, or 2
maybe it's during the team picking section of the pregame bit
else submissionstatus::fuckedup
yeah i think it reuses the field for team number
because <:illwinter:372894192894214176>
oh no
fine, putting an unknown in there i guess
well i slept for like two hours
grats
and i leave for work in ten minutes
i ate a bunch of free food and i think that was not the play because its making me sleepy
free food fucking owns you did the right thing
well
consume caffeine
all of my food is free until june or something lmao
i jumped into an endless pit of dominions discord servers and somehow ended up here.
yeah theres a vending machine across the street from my trailer that takes bank cards with pepsi in it
this is the one at the bottom of the mountain of garbage. welcome
so i will be fine
my heart maybe not
straight to the bottom i'm so lucky
this is somewhere between my first and third mp game of dominions, depending on how quickly it starts.   so be gentle.
if we are neighbors i will provide teachable moments
that is all i will commit to
.tagged hitler
ok good i earned it back
!details
<@68614451045076992>: error: could not find the game with alias chat
hooray
disciples games are awful so just try to enjoy yourself and don't be afraid to go ai if you aren't having fun
"don't be afraid to go ai"
<@282646158218756116> yes, i purroused the other dominions discords
i expect terrible things from unclustered starts,  but at least all my units can fly.
oh are the starts not clustered lmao
ps we're playing with a mod that gives asphodel masive buffs, and theyre generally a good play in disciple games, so take them out asap
are we playing with a mod to buff asphodel
yes
i thought it was just silt
or something
there are 2 mods
one to buff you.
apprently they are running a half cut jbbm thing called "we love options" or something
probalby do not run asphodel buff mod because i buffed myself by playing under someone with no domkill
it buffs you in terms of manikins + their spawn rate after year 1, it has quite severe nerfs to your normal stuff
i have no manikin
so it is a nerf mod then
good luck
congratulations: you do have manikin due to the mod
so i get manikin and no popkill
lmao
what?
ffs
also a disciple asph still has manikin
probably turn that off
i tested it
that's stupid
the pretender dom doesn't have manikin
tho
actually monkee reading the scripting
is that without the mod
there apparently are differences now between pretender and disciple dom in terms of freespawn nations and stuff without the mod
unless you have 14000 pop (or the req_maxpop command is broken) or below you will not get them
without the mod there are no mannies
because when we were messing with it, asphodel has no popkill and freespawn
it was just pan but with death magic and no seduce
so to reiterate: do not bvc monkee or he will actually get more units
bvc is broke
so
i will bvc myself
who cares
the popkill works
bvc reduces pop kremath
who cares
lmao
i want my passive aggressive thug diseaser please
it's fixed next patch
finally
but seriously please do not put in a mod that horribly breaks everything and gives me freespawn but no popkill
i assume the mod was not designed for use in disicples
ok
i dont think air elementals need mirror image either...
hey <@173950598138298368> can you take 'we like options' off of this game
air elementals are fairly shit in dom 5 dont call
?
i disagree
i already started pretender upload
oh no
oh the mod
!details

!details

there we go
you fucking broke the bot with the disciple shit
is team one check mark and team two forward slash
hahahaha
yes
owns
ok im going to go home and upload my thing
so i guess i have to restart the server
<@68614451045076992> restart you are game
then the mod is gone
or something
x = 0
/ = 1
‚úì = 2
i ain't fixing it
gonna make and upload my pretender tonight
excellent
ty <@173950598138298368>
<@255835336083636234> that is a feature and i would be sad if you fixed it
!details

it's illwinter's fucking fault for reusing the same field
*efficiency*
!details

unclustered starts means i am automatically at war with whoever is between me and marignon
get on team slash <@114740794476331015>
that at least simplifies diplomancy
is somebody ashdod i didn't look
cause meme bless ashdod but with someone who buys the bless for them will be pretty fucking funny
ma pythium
ma ulm
ma marignon
ma abysia
ma caelum
ma asphodel
ma vanheim
ma jotunheim
ma bandar log
ma nazca
ma pelagia
ma ys

are the factions in this game
i will laugh before i die form it
no ashdod. nazca is there though
nazca player may not know the secret though monkee
i will not enlighten
good
anyways good bye
senator peppertine: unlimited! pepsi!
<@255835336083636234> i think there's a byte that's different for disciple games
but yeah welcome to illwinter
i considered going ashdod üòÑ
its here
so do we only have the immortality overhaul mod now?
if people keep pinging me im going to delete this channel
<@282646158218756116> isn't your heart black and empty? who cares what happens
its going to pop
jsoh just mute it
right click mute
hoard unperishables
wait, i need a secret?
yes you should take uhhhh
charged body and that stupid explosion bless
with no resist
good luck
also reanimators
super key
and poison weapons
and blood bond
!details

blood bond explosion bless it pretty much the ultimate galaxy brain bless
!details

when i told him we could get him on the priority list for twiceborn he was so desperate it was almost pathetic.
i am jealous of team x
the x men, if you will
they need to click a team
they are on team not a team
#lastherostanding
pankor sore
also someone trade me pearls
cryle?
<@184675842432040960>
what do you have on offer
air nature and a tiny bit of earth
wait arent the guy who said everyone should team up on cryle
i will trade pearls
give me three death gems per pearl
i appreciate your willingness to trade monkey, but decline your offer
uhh i guess i like... .earth? the most? maybe? out of htose
ok, 3d per 2s
that's better than you can alchemise by half a pearl!!
also i have negative death gems, i owe someone
yes. me
that is untrue
i have it here on this very official looking document
your document may look official, but is clearly not notarized
<@184675842432040960> i have all of 2 earth gems
this needs to autoplay in here https://soundcloud.com/boksi-1/elephants-trampling-blood-slaves-forever
which i would happily trade for pearls
alchemize them into fire gems
and ill trade 1:1
i also have a magical ~enchanted shield~ which i would be willing to part with
powerful
i would try to give it to my uttervast but it wouldn't work
i just tried giving it to a knight commander for a modest upgrade and he opted to give up using his broad sword for some reason
maybe because his weapon order is lance/sword/hoof/horn
and assigning a shield removes additonal weapons after the first that aren't innate?
more people should join geneva imo
so i can feed my turn addiction
uh, did you put it in his first or second hand
*silently mouthing* pankor sores
!details

<@110124675580862464> gg
!details

jeez polemachs are hard to kill'
rejoice, a new turn is upon us
tried both, same results
odd i assigned us to team 3 on the server
there should be team 6 now
!details

coolbeans
huh weird
<@214468489698607105>  gg
tfw you accidentally join donair-cam-voice and discord crashes
real relatable feel
so uh. is curse of stones supposed to go away when the mage falls asleep/
because that's what happened. he cast curse of stones and it immediately went away.
he passed his stones
curse of stones is like
a mr check every turn or something
its not a battlefield enchant
did the mage die
also i thought curse of stones just happened once
and units were either stonecursed or not
from then on
my face when somebody else tries to trade with criyle
yeah
mr chexk to be cursed
then mr check to stop being
i think
maybe not
is a garbage spell
i don't think that second one, i think it lasts to the end of the battle
but is maybe mr negates easily
either way
sucks ass
jbre said it slows now, in addition to being  an (i think open ended) extra d6 of fatigue a turn
so it might not be worthless in all scenarios
does he not trade or something?
it's no rigor morris tho
no he just literally never offers a good deal
or anything approaching one
i saw the battlefield enchantment go up and everything turn red
it's
not
a battlefield enchant
is a spell that hits entire field
the pentagram goes up for a sec
but looking at the dudes now, it makes sense
<@233383745779007499> <@117041423492186112> <@124333039735013376> <@114740794476331015>
‚¨Ü
did they add a way to edit arenas yet
got it just now
who did you cast it into, and did it have the desired effect?
living pillars
and no
oh, that's fine then
<@159883716758470656> <@!169456837236621312> waiting on the two of you
oh, on it
it never has yhe desired effect
is only good vs ulms
submitted, all on the monkey
living pillar have mr 8
and a 10 enc
they should be the perfect target
seems good yeah
did it affect any of them noticeably
a few went from 9 enc to 12
(i mean other than the part where, if the living pillars are going to be defeated by encumbrance, you have won before the battle starts)
it should also slow them and i think add a d6 of fatigue, meaning they should get tired even faster than 12 says they should
but yeah like jsoh said
if past indications are relevant at present, he is dealing with children and will take turn shortly assuming he didn't fall asleep like a weakling
i mean, what kind of jackass wears a dense rock as armor
what could they possibly expect
anyone wanna buy a cyclops hammer
idk what to do with the dang thing
isn't that the forge thing
it gives master smith
i'd be interested in borrowing it at least
could bang out a winged helm/bag o winds
get me pictures of firegems!
it's good againts ulms because ulms can do literally anything while they are awake
but also have low mr and high encumbrance
<@110124675580862464> i'll trade this hammer for the ring of sorcery i know you have
pillars exist to get hit
i am interested in a cyclops hammer
how should i kill them with uw magic
would you let me borrow it jerek?
yeah, sure
who are you
that fucking cyclops nukes my army with shadowblast
and completely whiffs it pointblank to your elephants
ghosts
i have rp now though
kindof
i can melt his boner and make water elementals
it used all its shadowblasts on u
also, i can put my destruction mages within 25 range
so they actually cast it
if you can buff water elementals with prot they mulch them probably
is there a app for android that can so gapless playback of music and has shuffle album also
this thing i been using is fucking up over bluetooth rn
my strategy for playing therodos is to ban water nations in the game
this guy let me get lanterns and quills for a few years
so i think i can do it
can't google music shuffle albums? just need to turn off online features so it doesn't try to sell you shit
the guy should just send his magic spear guys ti slay you
if there's something better i'd also like to know
google play music doesbt do gapless playback or shuffle album
i dont remember which
but it doesn't do obe of them
im using dead beef 2 rn
although to be fair i'm a square who generally listens to albums
without shuffle
or podcasts
so i guess i don't *need* anything better
i listen to albums but dont generally pick them
the whole reason i use this thing is its supposed to do gapless playback but its got gaps jerry!
sorry, i feel like i missed stuff
i've had a busy day
how do i connect?
snek.earth in the direct connect
port number?
why hasnt someone just perfectly emulated foobar2000 for my phone yet
port 30085
alright, once i'm set up just disc?
!details
<@110124675580862464> would you trade me the sorcery ring? i might be able to swing money which i'm guessing you need

looks good to me
so do i need to disable the mod to play sp / other mp and enable it to play this?
other mp will automaticly load/unload mods
you will want to check your mod settings before starting new sp games though, probably
what came
game*
pankor
from an indy
stupid game
ill pay one more gold than him
wait some one has the fucking cyclops hammer too
wtf
cyclops hammer is unforgeable
you get it by killing a cyclops on a throne
i know what it is
which i guess someone did
not throne
but yeah that's a lot of artifact stuff kicking around
he's like the sorceress or bolivar or indie pazuzu or solaris
grins cyclopishly
ill pay one more gold for the hammer than anyone else also
i'll trade the hammer for the rinf
u giev
i tested a nazca pretender before leaving for work and my first inca had f3 and my second had a3
then i got laid off
wtf really?
too much luck all at once
luck allocation failure, yeah
yeah for like 3-4 weeks
huh
how much does that suck / how normal is it for your industry?
very both
sorry dude
i was rooting for you getting paid to play mariokart all night
i forgot to bring the danv switch today
anyway ive got 9 more hours to do fuck all for work tonight then i leave at noon tomorrow
the reason im getting laid off is there needs to be 2 people signed off on driving on site on our crew of 3 people
and there's already another guy to fill my role on his way here
so someone who was supposed tp leave tomorrow is stuck here and i leave instead
fucked up
kill him
if i kill him then i would have to do his job and my job because there's not enough people in the company qualified
kill your boss
if i kill my boss theres not enough people to drive on the day shift!
its not really that bad i will just start when i was scheduled to start instead of sitting around doing nothing for 3 weeks first
but thats a few thousand dollars down the drain
all because i dont know how to drive rip
you could... learn to drive?
perhaps even in those three weeks. not that it would solve this problem
also you said you were gonna play mario kart, so clearly you're qualified
even if i learned to drive i would not be able to get signed off yo drive a company vehicle for ay least a year after getting a license
yeah fair
!details geneva

!details

altho i've worked here for five and a half years and it's been keeping me down for that long lol
kill your boss, the coworker, and your dad.
go active shooter wearing a "female body inspector" shirt
i will kill my boss and co worker if you give me the hammer
huh, i don't know anyone off the top of my head who can't drive
but then i'm from the midwest
it has to be a real a+ murder, packed stadium on jumbotron, staff helpless to shut ot off.
and originally from a rural area even
the only people i know who cant drive and are older than ~22 are all new yorkers
actually my best friend's sister put off getting her license until she was like 25
but then got it, turns out being a reporter in outstate mn kinda needs it
i live in alberta lmao
edmonton has halfway decent public transit tho
and i live close to the giant mall so i can shop easily or whatever
we have ok transit
it's not bad if you don't have to transfer
so i can go to work and downtown minneapolis really easy on the bus
but it takes a long time going anywhere else
which is why i have a car
what is weird are people who cannot ride a bike, wtf
i never lived somewhere with decent mass trasportation until i was like 24
if i don't have a working car i assume i will die
and become unhappy
i can walk to a train, but it is both cheaper and faster to drive pretty much anywhere but sporting events
i can walk to get anything basically
but thats because my walking tolerance is very large
i can walk to 7/11 and a bus stop
and i live in a very lucky place
i think it'd be marginally cheaper and definitely a bit faster to drive to work, but i like to ride the bus so i can fuck around on my phone and listen to podcasts
the bus is bad here though
which is shit i do at home anyway so i net save time
much like your posting
exactly like my posting
join my game samog
looks bad
!server details
!server details blanacedteam
or whatever
i am uploaded
!details

there we go
oh <@120675876043096066> are you posting your lp yet?
i am already barely taking turns in the game im in jsoh
mmmmaaaaaaybe
if i was, i wouldn't link it to anyone in this game for information security reasons, and would ask all of you not to watch it yet
that's fair i suppose
also new turn
where does research fit i nthe turn order
its at the top, right?
ya
woot
okay okay if you do a big dick communion and script it like, master - > earthpower - > firepower - > spheres - > master
master breaks the communion and everyone else can cast as normal but keep the buffs, right?
<@114740794476331015>
you can't force break communion
and even if you could the slaves would be stunned for a long time
hey, he attacked me!
:p
seeking arrow, huh.  gee, i wonder who can cast 3 of those at a time...
wraith lord ignores order to cast plague vs 40 niefel giants
feels bad
it is kind of a bad spell
was he in range
also, plague has an mr negate component
!details

!details

cryle the only way to break a communin is to make all the masters leace
leave
which does like a hundres stun damafe to every slave
does that even work
i think people tried to do it in dom4 and it didnt
can magic duel be used against non-astral mages?
and yeah, seeking arrow doesn't do much to regenerating giants
no it can only target other astrals
<@255835336083636234> please fix the thing you aint fixing
o
lmao did i accidentally kill your uberbless god again in nazca <@282646158218756116>
<:hat:372893620975566848>
mekone
is the game over. did mekone win
it worked im dom 4 what i said
probably rocky b im at work so idk
im kind of just pushinb pixelmans around
darn
!details

still going.  not sure about mekone
machaka won mekone's capital
yeah i'm not sure how monkee or horrors haven't won the game yet
theres no cataclysm because this was a day 1 game before naksu made a switch for it
so it won't end until you make it
no big action this turn, friends. the defender at the throne of creation attempted a breakout, but were slaughtered by infinite ghosts, leaving therodos to grab the coveted level 3 throne next turn.
<:prism:372894359680712727>
lol. i had an undead knight event
<@170661706421370880> congrats on joining the illustrious pan god killer club
i swear the ai is doing nothinig other then pumping out priests to rez their god
pans god wasn't in dragon form. rip
finally, a spellchecker for discord
no
top 10 anime betrayals: mammoth nation vs mussushu chariot land
what
discord proudly announced upon opening that i now have a spellchecker inside the programme
for example if you write abyssia it now helpfully underlines it in red
well you've spelt it wrong haven't you
exactly my point!
luckily due to the amount of pre-existing mythological terms, asphodel for example is recognised while aspodel isn't
now all we need is for server-side definitions so for example "samog" and "abysia" are recognised
samog should be in websters tbh
or the bin
why do you never go on sale dom5
because dom6 isn't out yet
if was ten percent off at release or whatever
is monolith dead yey?
monolith lives
monolith invictus
i'll join this morning
gonna be fairly late with my turn, chums. i'll try and make it interesting at least.
lmao wtf
atlantis why were you picking fights on land before you even had the uw secured??
!details

let me guess, misfortune 3
ok close the channel
does anyone know fuckin
inverse kinematics
join my game nerd
whats your game
oil
!details oil

another ma game are you for real
nah, luck 3
lol
3 likhos, a false prophet and a brigand leader
ask me anything about kinematics.
he's playing nazca it's a trap
join geneva instead
what is a geometric jacobian, <@317410996169736204>
and how do i get one.
don't know. no idea. don't know anything about that.
anything else
no thats it
glad i could help.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/326829045465612299/414061340571729941/birbdrink.jpg discuss
godawful shit
make geneva happen <@275205678010859520>
.markov
why is it broken. it works for everything else
!details

lol @ turbogiants.
for decades, this man has destroyed every relationship he's had by immediately checking if she's the legendary woman who gives out free sex to everyone brave enough to ask. and here is what it led to: don diebel, after authoring ten books on scoring chicks, is begging jesus for a girl in a prayer that sounds like it was written by a third-year third-grader. failure isn't a big enough word, and hitlerfailure hasn't been invented yet.
this one too.
god dammit
i'll have to send scs at it but it'll take too long
.markov
ok.
lol
also bob, the innocent scout of utgard
!details geneva

the game isnt full, i just set it up wrong
if the horrors eat every throne but that one, we should all just shake hands and declare the monolith the winner
also someone trade me pearls
i can do girls for pearls starting next turn as well
find more players by spamming the chat and forums indiscriminately
now we're talking
espionage is not tolerated
20 pearl for fifty girl
they'll have to share at that ratio
they'll have to share at that ratio
but i'm currently at -3 and make 5 a turn so i'll be nowhere near 50 anytime soon
but i'm currently at -3 and make 5 a turn so i'll be nowhere near 50 anytime soon
well just hit me up if you want em. i will empower the heck out of my space ship that will give him affliction healing!
well just hit me up if you want em. i will empower the heck out of my space ship that will give him affliction healing!
how do you make slaves even
how do you make slaves even
did you find a site or take a b god?
did you find a site or take a b god?
i guess if it's not super easy to acquire slaves i will pay more. 25 pearl for fifty girl
i guess if it's not super easy to acquire slaves i will pay more. 25 pearl for fifty girl
jury: ‚Äúon the charge of being uninsurable, we find the defendant, louis ck, guilty.‚Äù
judge: ‚Äúmr. ck, a jury of producers has found you guilty. i ask that you surrender your funnybone immediately.‚Äù
louis ck: ‚Äúdude... seriously?‚Äù
judge: ‚Äúrestrain him from turning this into a bit.‚Äù
lower throne
'restrain him from turning this into a bit' is killing me lol
link pls
!details

truth
how does cataclysm work? do horrors attack everyone, or judt thrones? how do they breach forts?
who wants fire gems in this game, for other types of gems, please help my people are dying
(i probably should have tried to trade for the stuff i need turns ago, it may be too late now)
but i will attempt it now anyway
they sit on the throne for 2 turns and eat it
forts don't prevent this
looking for water, death and earth i guess
!details

pankor
https://twitter.com/ashleyfeinberg/status/964563854947684352
lmao.
.tagged hitlerfailure
what a shame
pankor?
the russians are better at campaigning than hillary was lol
https://twitter.com/nycsouthpaw/status/964561721116545024/
a million things from the indictment are quotable.
!details

<@!160127200803160064> heh, the 'fuck it my statue god has fear aura set him to patrol' anti-elephant strategy paid off
my one regret is that you found them a retreat route when i hoped i'd cut them all
the secret of (pan)korn
the notion of taking a turn has filled me with ennui
!details

!register oil pythium
<@110124675580862464>: error: could not find the game with alias pythium
!register pythium oil
<@110124675580862464>: registering ma pythium for <@110124675580862464>
where is the indictment markov bot
just paste the full thing into chat
!details

!details

why is there a new ma game when the other ma game is not full
its only because jsoh wants to play nazca
<@110124675580862464> you should join geneva
tl;dr: guns aren't any more common, easier to get, or more powerful today then they were for most of the 20th century, but school shootings and workplace shootings went up notably over the latter part of the century, and school shootings are on course to more than double from the 2000s to the 2010s. what changed?
_begins to think long and hard, seeking enlightenment from gurus and sages, to answer this question_
it must be liberal cucks
done my turn!
monolith repels another attack! and makes a friend thanks to the magic of mind control!
i'm sorry sir, the answer the judges were looking for was "video games."
robert mugabe talking a man down from suicide jpg
its because jsoh wants to play nazca
no nazcas
badca
jsoh needs to be stropped.
or stopped. both, frankly.
whip jsoh an irrational number of times
i have friday off an im eating pho and drinking beer but i fuxked up and its china bear
the guy driving me home is listening to the most boring adult contemporary garbage music
its like someone took a cookie cutter and gently placed it on a chips ahoy and sold the result
i'm all about st. vincent these days
breaking and buying benjamin
lmao
!details

<@114740794476331015>
lmao
tfw
<@96715337440952320> whats silt mod do
immortal make spells are now transforms
so instead of having a vampire factory when you hit the required paths, your guy who can cast that spell instead become a vampire
same for wraith lord, worm man etc
.q 14
good.
.q 1
.remember mu 
‚†Ä ‚†Ä ‚†Ä ‚†Ä<:gamewinner:372893907006128129> 
‚†Ä ‚†Ä ‚†Ä ‚†Ä<:head:403422448760127489> 
„ÄÄ   <:hammers:373227653521735680> <:food:373227653286723584> <:lizardpeople:390331441549934592> 
„ÄÄ<:gifts:372897039324807168> „ÄÄ<:illwinter:372894192894214176> „ÄÄ<:prod:373229872350363649> 
üëå „ÄÄ<:hehe:373231691184996352> <:hehe:373231691184996352> „ÄÄüëç 
  „ÄÄ  <:unholy:372893393749278725> „ÄÄ <:holy:372894715315748885> 
„ÄÄ   <:ruby:372879296861044737> „ÄÄ <:gold:373227653018288131> 
„ÄÄ   üë¢      üë¢
huh giants with javelins can probably actually break people's shields now
that's kinda cool
im trying to import all the old irc quotes and the lf ones
but im having encoding issues and i dont know shit about codecs
maybe ask culka for help
does anyone know wtf these are

<@347795805962240011>
irc had the wierd thing of replacing some characters with unicode so it didn't ping people on quoting
offering 1.5 fire per water, 2 fire per death, 1.5 fire per earth, or best offer
everything must go
abysia on ai watch
.markov uw nations are
good
uw nations: valid
is he getting killed
i didn't bother to scout over there
!details

!details

i'll be getting to my turn in the next hour or so
might take me half an hour to do the recording though, probably plenty to talk about
try your mates in caelum, they can use fire and have p much all those
.markov uw players
ü§î
what happened to the robot ignoring conot
!register  r'lyeh oil
<@282159431519567873>: registering ma r'lyeh for <@282159431519567873>
no
no water
any other nos?
actually never mind
yeah no pans no ermors
but i guess water is fine
i was distracted by the florida shooting (resident of the state), forgot about dominions altogether
are there any good "more and cooler thrones" mods yet
pamkor
!details

that said, i fucked up big in battle and missed the results so i don't even know how
so not that much of a difference between ai and wiped out. holding on for now.
at least want to see how i die
<@317410996169736204> you are needed
!register atlantis oil
<@184675842432040960>: registering ma atlantis for <@184675842432040960>
!details oil

the wet boys of gameruining
i dont think you can mod more thrones
but you can change extant ones
you should be able to add new thrones i think?
they are just sites with special rarity
https://www.instagram.com/p/bbjwdz7b1a0/
the
you can mod new thrones ya
rarity is 11/12/13
yeah i did that already actually, good advice
i think amuys made one called chocolate thrones?
tried jomon at all? they have every kind of income
!details

üò¶
is undying pretty useless now?
wait. i mean half dead
register ermor oil
half dead is dogshit
half dead is a mess!
.markov <@282646158218756116> hates uw nations because
nice
i won a game
<:gamewinner:372893907006128129>
i bet half dead would be legit if it was death 1 rather than death 2
gz did you win the 30006 game
yep
<@214468489698607105> why do you have the fursecution profile icon anyway
the "view history" option when you win is really neat
because i needed an icon and its stupid and funny imo
i'm surprised i lived as long as i did.
not getting a coast until year 4 sucked
i wish i had not got sick and thrown it lol
atlanton you were doing great at the end
.tag <@214468489698607105> yiffy fox
<@153656281448710145> join geneva, the good ma game
also you had 20% enchant, 20% thaum, and 20% const sites
that helped
@boing not joining more games until i've finished the next map gen release
you had a 30% blood site and a db mage site didn't you hru
dark skies is a broken spell i have determined
whats in the new release
ur was attacking and he'd start with everything at 0-3 morale
dark skies is alright but factions that can do a lot of death/blood tend not to give a fuck
with his god on the field
@boing new water terrain
nice.
<@!148098869782118401>
ur was like the perfect nation to defend vs remote commander attacks, unlike yomi, but ya i guess in an army vs army fight where they were using a ton of n magic rather than using their d recruits i guess dark skies would be more useful ya
ya
yeah i got the benefit of marverni's "how to break into blood  in 3 easy steps as a completely non-blood nation" starter pack of sites
i honestly thought they would roll yomi pretty easily since they have w mages but i think they relied really hard on the n/a mages
i never really got to fight ur
<@110124675580862464> ripped him apart
and i walked 1 province over the border to take the last throne i needed
i am putting together a small write-up with screens
i told you vampires would do it, jbrer üòõ
next game i host is going to use silt mod, i'm very curious about it.  vamps remain completely fucking good in vanilla
ur has both water and death magic and also can use creeping doom
so much anti vamp technology
!list

!details

<@68614451045076992>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ollxrojmvmg
first take kelp mockup in photoshop
feedback requested
https://i.imgur.com/jxqvltm.png
(why yes i did play smac why do you ask)
kelp is a bit browner and darker in my experience
not everywhere on elysium is as miserable as orkney i guess
real kelp forests look pretty ugly from the surface

much like your posting
hello
did you know that getting attacked by the eater of the gods and have a ring of returning
i'm going for "magical fantasy world" and "reads like kelp forest"
apparently the ring of returning doesn't wor
k
does he have that trait
realism rarely lines up 1:1 with videogame symbols
is there a trait for that
yes there is
my main concern is if this reads as kelp or not
the jelly pretender has it
well you know what else i learned too
if you have void sanity it works
limne the elemental queen of water regenning 62 hp a turn can merrily beat the eater of the gods to death with an elemental staff
also you have to take damage but not die for ring of returning to work
yeah that would do it
:enjoys 2 pages of vengeful water reports:
lol
mo money late renamed the ramc sandbox
ramc why dont you just walk and get thrones
!details

or does it have some abominable throne setting befitting a momoney game
just <@264039348494794754> and <@137038752370524161> now
yes
i can't remember what the throne setting is
but i am trying to be better about those, when i make games
ok everyone
here we go
https://i.imgur.com/qxdsiay.png
!details
rip lemuria finally
idk why demi went ai
he was caelu
m
<@173950598138298368>
?
it not goin
https://i.imgur.com/3pnmlvm.png
moment
you can check throne setting in game
naaaakkksssuuuuuuuuuuuu
link
nm i see it
the settings are p rough
i think i need about 6 more throne points
but i have to wade
because there are tides
i am working toward it but i have to be methodical sadly
there are people still playing sort of
the game is over but people refuse to see the truth of my glory
howareu i have a question
did you make any vampires in the waste prove near our border
i ask because i mind controlled a pair and it says uzid whatever is their home
and i am wondering if you in fact made them there and you can use this to interrogate captured vampires for origin provs
or if it just counts the prov where they got brainwashed as their new home
fuck
i tried restarting it and it reset the teams
<@173950598138298368> pls
i think for someone else to win they have to take every single throne i dont own before i seize even one
so all roads go through me i guess
you'll need to make it go back to pretender upload
i'm busy in ss13
>:o
i can fix it but not while i'm doing something else
sec
gdi
try now
tfw you find the jervellian wall after you build a palisade
<@68614451045076992>
agartha please, please do not walk into pan lands with big armies that have 3 commanders
this will not go well for you (ask just lost a couple of thousand gold of units bandar log about this)
oh shit bois
<@173950598138298368> you need to take it back to pretender upload
when i restarted, it destroyed the teams
it's up now
what flavor fort is that supposed to give you
hmm
mod inspector doesn't know
ok everyone, do the teams
i think the problem is that
wait
you need to be able to launch from that screen
instead of by restarting it
what a pain
yeah idk this always happens with your servers
!details

i'll just restart it again so i get that option
cause i get that option when i restart it
oh
now it won't restart
i'll just restart it again
ok i don't have the option <@173950598138298368> you're gunna have to enable it
yarp
sec
jsoh please make oil late age
please im egging you
jsoh created the game to play nazca
it will remain ma
like all of the other games he created to play nazca in
there we go
you should be able to start this once everyone uploads and the teams are set and all that
if you do it from in-game
ok
hey <@173517171496845312> <@!169456837236621312> <@117041423492186112> <@233383745779007499> <@271701070994997249> <@97756994454188032> <@124333039735013376> <@278302403475013634> <@168228493174374400> <@284890830165114880> <@114740794476331015>
re-upload and set your team and do not hit the start button
lel ok, it'll take me a bit
üëâ üîò
do not
do i have to re upload it has a god in there
i just pushed team
i also had a god there but reuploaded anyways
same
it will take me a little while.
i love that start game and disconnect are right next to eachother
best ui
ok i don't think you have to reupload
just go in and set your team again
you should be able to set them all yourself
and push start
i'm not the host
before someone accidentally starts the game
naksu is
uploaded and set
anyone can do it
you sure
i am lazy. just click on the team number by the name
oh neat
ok
!details
!details


!details

ok teams look good
what a mother fucker
!unregister oil
<@184675842432040960>: removing user <@184675842432040960> from all nations in game oil
oil not be playing another ma game
it's on boys
do i have to lp this
i dont want to. disciples are always such a shitshow
i guess ill record the turns
tfw your partner's cap is miles away üëÄ üí¶ üí¶
rip rip rip
yes you do have to lp this
it being a shitshow is why you should lp this
no clustering owns
also the giant ocean filled with trash nations owns too
i did it
.lf
.lf khawaga
also hopefully this works
.q
.q decrepus
.q walgreets
.q walgreets
chef kissing fingers
yeah no clustering due to cartographer fucking the starts up for clustering

you get two for the price of one there
now i can finally fulfil this request:
<jsoh>: .request a pretender name generator that automatically searches skybot for random strings of kevin quotes from #lf that fit into pretender name length
haha
!details

is that w10 giants i spy. very good
... yep.
exhibit a https://i.imgur.com/mrzauzb.png
https://i.imgur.com/xsufzyd.png
.q khawaga
fucked up
use .lf
this channel is now a historical continuation of #dom4goons but .lf is separate
https://i.imgur.com/ilrtm7n.png
!details
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
this owns
muh resources
<@282646158218756116>
a powerful feature
are you sure these fit
33 characters or fewer
the jar jar one is, in fact, the exact maximum pretender name length
just make them cede their cap then destroy it ez
gotta show your disciples who is the boss
!details

<@114740794476331015> stale warning
.q ramc
back2back is the only way to play
lmfao
this is going to be a real disaster
i can't wait to watch that lp
we did not use the clustered starts sadly
so me and my disciple gave a giant fuck-off ocean inbetween us full of dicks and pans and mers
.q warbeard
brutal
i just got corncobbed
!details

whats the date syntax on this
o its d/m/y
surely that can't be all i'm known for
.q warbeard
.?
.help
.q warbeard 0
.q warbeard 1
.q warbeard 2
.q samof
.q samog
.q warbeard 3
.lf
jsoh: whats the date syntax on this
its a sensible civilised date system
civilized
senzible
month day year fuck you limey
should call you pasty now u fat fucks certainly dont eat fruit anymore
.q add jsoh month day year fuck you limey
did i break that, fuck
i did, i broke it
needs both to be wortg adding
its not very good either way
.q 999
hows it 999 out of 998
ur so bad at this dude
.q kevin
.q #lf kevin
.lf kevin
thank you
that is fucked up, true
oh
.lf
<@96715337440952320> i was looking for your pretender in lanights...
i was like...
where is he?
and then..
..i spot him...

https://twitter.com/fiirtationship/status/964515690844585984
https://twitter.com/fiirtationship/status/964515690844585984
i have too many astral pearls, i will trade them for gems of another type
i have too many astral pearls, i will trade them for gems of another type
lol
lol
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
im glad this was requested
.lf
oops i thought this was the main chat channel
<:mindless:372893818397130752>
!details
.markov for dinner i'll have the uhhhhhhhhh
damn
done
.markov you should eat
hahaha
.markov i am a
lol
every meng hao and bai xiaochun  foe's last words
i'm not sure whether to laugh or cry
aar is up
yomi victory <:burn:372895357962682380>
a good report
!details

.lf
.lf medical
lol
<@!148098869782118401> do you want tags too
.q add nevermore i am a desperate loser, i'm not spitting blood this is clearly p2w
.q nevermore
pan broken so what
if you kill a doom horror is it down for the count
nah
ok
ewie is currently taking his turn
he wanted me to tell y'all
haha look at this guy
thinking he can kill horrors
look i just had one of my units turn out to be a surprise anime badass an beat the god eater to death with a fucking magic stick ok
my best site searcher is my bear tribe shaman who has nothing better to do than n1 site search
!details

doom horrors should horror seed the unit that kills them
.q nevermore 1
what
.q nevermore 2
.q
.q modpud
.q modpud
.q modpud
.q jonjoe
.q jonjoe
.q jonjoe 1
there we go
.q jonjoe 2
ah yes i think that was the name of one of my pretenders
.q jonjoe 4
.q jonjoe 5
.q jonjoe 7
okay and that's all the quotable things i've ever said
thanks for listening everybody
.tags jonjoe
i see we haven't imported tags (just as well)
i'll have to do first turn in the morning.
.q ramc 1
.q ramc 2
.q ramc 3
hm
!details
.q
its the damn truth
**mekone**
i love the demilich
m-m-m-mekone
m
 e
  k
   o
    n
     e
(‚ïØ¬∞‚ñ°¬∞)‚ïØmekone
makong
<@!148098869782118401> what triggers the bot saying very carefully
[5:48 pm] jimothy: @deleted-role
rip
the ravenous swarm is cool
mekang
.q mu
.q mu
ok.
pankor
*mekone
surrounded by satyrs
this channel can go too now i guess
rip
.q walgreets
.q acoustickitty
!details

how do fff fff fff fff
how do you do
how do i make the bot say very carefully
does it need a question mark
how do?
eat shit nevermore.
.q mu
lol
i think maybe the random number generator here
is not being very randm
<:illwinter:372894192894214176>
.q mu
relevant.
.request .comic
more like surrounded by a shitload of bugs
it looks for 'how do', but only has a percentage chance to trigger so it doesn't get old and predictable
yeah <@110869804197351424> send me tags if you have them
.q rockyb
what
.pretender
how do
i did that precisely because its no fun if people expect it
the code contains one of my favourite comments i have written
one of my favourite code comments
i still need to add a 'beaten_to_the_punch' flag
do these commands work in pm
update: yes.
i never made it so they do, but apparently they do
markov wont work because it uses the channel you're in as a corpus
oh <@97756994454188032> can you extend the timer? won't get to s computer today
.markov corpus
oh man
i forgot the .comic command
those were great
i cant replicate that advanced functionality
!details geneva

you should actually advertise the game, imo
setting it up without the lobby system didn't help tbh
nice he just
refused to cast acid storm
good shit
good shit
is that against the throne
i forgot to make my god cast skeletal body so he died to 50 pd of crossbows foolishly
no thats against the hundreds of birds
in therodos game
but its fine.
luckily he just cast 2 ice lementalns and everything died to his farts
or the replay just bugged idk which
because 237 birds died
goons fear prosecution for their terrible acts
whats a better global, gift of nature's bounty or celestial rainbow
rainbow is godlike
is anyone casting remote spells at youy? if so rainbow
!spell rainbow
<@148098869782118401>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=rainbow&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
gonb will give you much much more gold
i wish the mod inspector cached the game data instead of re loading it every time you open the page
will rainbow make all your provs luck 3 if you are misfortune 3
idk
it will constantly try
depending on dice it will
ah
and then once u have luck >1 it blocks remote attacks
and also just randomly gives you gol
d
how strong is enchanted forests
gonb just gives you infinite gold
very very strong
is it safe to assume enchanted forests +vengeful waters wins a game
no
then whats even the point
enchanted forest+ haunted forests will win you a game probably
!spell haunted
<@190292302785150976>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=haunted&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
actually maybe not i bet enchanted forest doesnt give u any undead leaders
.markov <kevin>
sad
.markov i bet enchanted forest
hmm
hmmm
i should probably just cast rainbow and nature's bounty
i'm never playing a game with 5 global slots ever again
10 minimum
otherwise there's no room for gemgens to be up at the same time as the sick-ass globals
isnt 9 maximum
idk
10 sounds like a clusterfuck lol
if you want more than 5 global slots join my game, oil
which ihas 7 i think idk
!details oil

another ma game
im not in the other one it doesnt count
lol
also ma is the default now get used it it binch
why would you fuckin play a la game
also you're nazca
wtf
and ea is insanely unbalanced
ma is v default
.quote jsoh ea is insanely unbalanced
he isnt wron
g
how come that didn't work
you are stupid
because it isnt quoteworthy
and dont understand syntax
is why
.q jsoh ea in insanely unbalanced
its good
.request boing make it so the robot will not accept quotes from me for any reaosn than kyou
lol
.q add jsoh ea is insanely unbalanced
they syntax was
exactly thesame
for 10 years
err jon joe
how do u not know boing.
.tag jsoh nazca fucker
its been a while jsoh
.tag ramc pan lord
i only have 50% win rate on nazca , and 0 if you dont count blitz
lol
v good
.tag ramc self tagger
jesus christ
fucking roasted
b)
.tag ramc sexually aroused by tagging himself
someone better at this me shold attempt to quote add that interaction tbh
.comic
tragic
i have no idea how to do that one
but im v happy with this
.pretender
ok not that one.
does the thing automatically tag you as self tagger if you try to tag yourself
.request add the comic maker functionality
it does, jsoh
self quoter too
does it also ignore the tag you tried to place
it does
sick
.tags ramc
so if i make everyones name be samog all quotes and tags will stop working
hahahaha
technically correct
!details geneva

is there automatic canceling for attempting to remove your own tag, too
there is no untag functionality
tags are forever
even better
add a untag functionality but only allow samog to use it
the real samog, with the samog role, not any other samogs that may be created
samog bot also has the samog role
no it doesnt
it has *a* samog role
we should probably organize the list of people in this channel
.tag samog samog
based on tag
absolutely not
there can be a group for fuckers
and thats it
.tagged fucker
.tag jonjoe anime
noooo!
bear the mark of the beast
.tag conot anime hitler
wow rude
i never play ermor
.tags conot
hmm
you cant make the role fucker
be lower than the role everyone
so you appear at the top of the list if oyu aer a fucker
oh right i forgot about that
even better
premium fucker status
why am i brown now
good question
you were a fucker
but the fucker role was bad so i deleted it
its true, i was a fucker
i don't even remember if the fucker tag used to mean anything
but i remember that i was one
.tag jonjoe fucker
double fuckers was people who i was not going to allow to join any games i made in the future
or something like that
i do not believe i was a double fucker
there were many double hitlers
and at least one quadruple hitler
theres an amnesty
so jsoh are your condors going to be the usual quickness thunder weapons garbo?
that sounds bad
how is there no automatic much like your posting detection
there's a bot for that in another channel im in
after playing against condors they are crazy
just remove the summon condor spell
nah
there, i fixed nazca
just gotta rush mechanical men
just remove the scaling on it
or that
i remember when supayas were the threat
if you got 10 instead of 20
they nerfed supayas
it would be not that good
supayas literalyl were never the threat
they were fucking ass
when you could make fifty of them a turn they were good
no
they were not
didn't they have a mr weapon
and if you could make 50 of them before you could make 37 now
yeah ok the mr negates weapon instead of mr halfs is a big deal
supaya are so much better in dom5 than dom4
they seem a lot better than condors still
20 per cast
and 2 attacsk with lots of strong and lots of attack
supaya make doesnt scale except on holy . even the spell on it
you just get 2 extra for having the hat on the spell
or 1 extra for having the hat on reanimate
i wonder if any of the astral gath summons are good beyond the big dick merkavah
big blessed on the large awe trampler ones probably
condors have 140 stealth what the fuck
the big difference between nazca and mictlans/xibalbas is
their shitload of sacreds all fly outside of battle
and they dont have to do blood things
and also nazca gets the insanely stupidly strong spell thing
but you can because one condor counts as 20 men when patrolling
thats good
condors are also the best sieger and best patroller inthe game yeah.
ok condors are good
and the best sneaker
but also, they are animals
with 8 mr
but 18 (!) hit points
that is a lot of hps
and shock resist for no reason
8mr doesnt even matter early
which is when condors are the biggest fuckers
!details

same reason ma ulm can get away with a lot of bullshit early and some mid game
it matters when you slam 60 condors into 50 anakites with regen bv bless and they all explode themselves
its fucked up that ulms have low mr instead of high mr
how many people regen bv bless tho
thats hella expensive
if youre playing anakites you may as well go hella bless
may i recommend playing a
better nation
what else are you gonna make
ashdad is pretty good
zimzumzams
https://puu.sh/zpm1l/024a986a47.jpg ofc u could just do this
and then the mr isnt so big a problem
11. still not great but serviceable
12 in dominion
12 in your own dom
does any nation get
taking drain just for the mr seems
questionable
you also take drain for the points
extra nature
bless points?
you can take drain if you strategy is to shit on peple in teh first couple years
ye
ma mictlan
gets 1 n
2a
hmmm
that's 1 nature away from
yeah you can take drain if your nation peaks at conjuration 3
regen and largeness
shame
if you get 2 bonus air points, you best be getting thudner weapons
why not all 4
if you could
regen largeness thunder weapons quickness
why would you want larger
and ultimate hell scales
why frost father
you can get flying units with 6 attacsk a square on thunder weapons
as mictlan
why wold you make them worse
i know, i know
forst father is peak pretender
at large cost to yourself
.pretender
.pretender
what does pretender do, exactly
it pulls a pretender name length string from .lf kevin
.pretender
a+
.pretender
hell yeah.
.pretender
ü§î
.pretender
thats mine.
.pretender
no thank you
mine
that's a very good pretender name.
that's a good bandar log pretender name
.pretender
.pretender
thats a v. pro pretender name
though i'd edit it, to, heterochromatic lesbian
!register abysia oil
<@168228493174374400>: registering ma abysia for <@168228493174374400>
fine ill play ur stupid game
!register man oil
<@148098869782118401>: registering ma man for <@148098869782118401>
lol
.q add cryle you crushed 90% of his army immediately
nevermorebot - last thursday at 1:42 am
which makes them feel like eu4
what shitty roman troop do i make
comitenses
aloe legionaires?
it is comitatenses yes
i am playing young roman
go ai
!details oil

time to micromanage the blood üí§
principes and gladiators i guess
hastus
and slingers maybe
get this: hydras
fart on ye own troops
actually princepes
3 gold for 1 hp and 1 defence etc
1 morale attack defence precision hp
worth
no you make nothing but theurg communicants
i always went for the spear dudes because it's longer, but i'll test the principes now
make the good commander and a standard also
so they are non cowards
principes when you are limited by resources but hastati when you are limited by gold
no
principes and gladiators
*badiators*
as many principes as you can and then you fill the remaining resources with gladiators of some kind
protip: find hoburg xbows
^
luck 3 yomi results: +1000 gold and a gold mine
bad thing abou tthe gold mine is theres some residual yomi lingering there so it has 70 unrest
bad news: the mine is haunted
tired: finding hoburg xbows and using them to to fight
wired: finding hoburg xbows and using them to patrol
my favorite hoburg xbow moment from momoney
was gath having a stack of like 400 of them in a cold 3 province and casting murdering winter at it
oh no hobbitsies
winter is not kind
we hav eto turn back, gandalf! to take the mines of moria!
:hundreds die:
tiny bodies means tiny blood circulation
whats a good sd god that isn't shitty at expanding like th e sphinx
none
you want sd, you're going to be shit at expansion
might as well take a demilich for the points
that's actually not the worst idea. i was going to take old man carried by servants
thats a young man
how's the moloch as an early expander, i've never bothered trying him out
uh. he is 1900 years old
see
young
.pretender
.pretender
wow
.pretender
.pretender
wow
.q add ramc wow
.pretender
jesus christ
.q
!details

!details

!details

<@114740794476331015> pre-emptive stale warning
jb's write-up gives me pause in choosing the demilich
i was wondering how likely self-ownage was and apparently it's super likely
i think it depends a lot on what your faction is
who are you picking it for
pythium
i want arcane finnese and death smite
la or ma pythium
ma
ma i think you're okay
still can't soul drain though. üò¶
because you have arch theurgs who can teleport tons of shit across the map very easy
as well as instant communion slaves
ah yeah. that is true.
and i guess i should have enough slaves to not self-own
but i probably will anyway
is the game running silt
idk ask jsoh
it's probably running silt if it's a jsoh game
yep
well in any case if it is, don't transform them, because it is illegal even if it is possible
if u tranform your god i will rename all of your commanders butts
why is it illegal?
unless your god was alive first
because it is intended to be not castable by undeads
ahhh
but that is not something that a modder can do
what about statueesss
because they cannot be assed to fix their spec values
not them also
fuck
no undeads no lifeless
same
no mindless
mindless would be fine i think
considering the only mindless pretender is one who transformed anyway
or is lifeless i think
collosal fetish
excuse me jsoh you are forgetting the very powerful hamming it up golem for machaka
ah yea
lifeles
yeah he's lifeless
thought it was mindless
maybe they changed that
he's both
in any case
it is not intended for those people to cast it
ty
just took mine
and as a result i would prob not demilich ma pythium
can you make uhh
was dicking around in the mekone game
s banish + smite are pretty good btw
the spell hit yoh with a thousand damage that only hits undeads
and then the transform
or a thousand damage that only hits lifelss
probably can't do both
you can do those, gimme a sec to think if there is a way to self target those
s smite isn't soul slay though
as red rob and i have been discussing, nextspells are kind of fucky atm
the uhj
fire disease removal spell does something like this
yeah but i think it does removal first and then a shit ton of fire damage
<@120391130536738816>
maybe wall-e human is the best pythium pretender after all
give me a minute i'm scriptin here
because i can make him lichman
divine emperor is a really legit pg chassis
i think a sage is probably better
yeah probably
did anyone ever answer what happens if you raid a province someone else is sieging
used to end up fighting the innate province pd but that might be different in dom 5
lol the emperor is considered mounted
good
take the berserk bless and mock your opponents as your pg keeps casting imo atlanton
what is innate province pd
the pd type which the province would have if it wasn't owned by someone
theres 0 pd tho
because its sieged
yeah but that doesn't mean the villagers don't sometimes raise some to fight you off and you end up having to beat up 32 barbarians on la tien chi or what have you (or this is how it was)
hmm
is that worth doing to get some unrest on bogarus cap before i fight him
in the game where you're yomi? why not
or rather befoe i fight jomon to take him capital
you can't pillage it when you're on the province so raiding it first and then if they try to patrol it down killing their entire army at once as well as having a ton more str for sieging the next turn seems legit
how does the income work will i get half only bc siege or?
theres currently a hundred samurai
that seems like a good thing to have +3 strength vs
so it wipl be a ton more strength as well to fight the samurai with
more they have order scales
!details bad

one bad part of this is i will not be able to recruit 1.5 anime generals for a long time due to very high unrest
hmm possibly
depends on how the raid rolls in terms of unrest caused
you can get to super insanely high levels but i've also seen yomi raids that do like 40 and then flame out
i tested pillaging and it seems like it went from medium unrest to insanely high unrest after yoy had like 24 pillagers
it is bizarrely random although if you do it into low pop provs it's basically never even inconvenient for your enemies unrest wise
but i wasn't really counting comparative numbers of pillage bonus
enemy cap might just shoot to like 600 though or just repel the raid entirely
it is a kind of badly implemented mechanic i feel
since bandits are somehow much better than onis
yeah
it's
hi
.pretender
[12:29 pm] ronron: kisama... lambu sauce wa doko desu ka
my wife
<@!148098869782118401> very important feature missing
is there a difference between pretender and markov
.pretender
lol
.pretender
oh i see
its a kevin quote
kevin quotes that fit into pretender names
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
these are really good
im a genius
yeah. i don't have to come up with them anymore
does it pick any substring of a kevin quote or only from the beginning
any i think
.pretender
time to rename all my commanders.
in all of my biggest wins ive renamed every last one
coincidence?
.request rename .pretender to .name or .kevin
wow
.tags samov
lol
<@110869804197351424> probably makes you pay much more attention to the game
.tags samog
yes
how much -mr is magic 3?
two
and it's only 1 at mgic 2?
.tags jsoh
.pretender
is half point rounded
.tags me
lmao
jesus
.tags gonadic
<¬£
thats a hell of a pretender name
.tags atlanton
.pretender
.pretender
holy shit
my next game i might just do all templeos quotes
jeb brush, great tree man pretender name
i think it's achieving sentience
.pretender
who exactly is kevin, anyway
.markov
jesus
holy shit
best pretender name i've done is "the holy treenity"
and why are his quotes so perfict
why is every pretender name so good
kevin is real
the robot correctly recognized your ethnicity to be racist to you
.pretender
.pretender
loling irl right now
.pretender
im in tears
:tragic:
.pretender
oh my god
holllyyyy
shit
.pretender
lmao
.pretender
.pretender
i just nevermore for a bunch of pretender names and they were nowhere near as good
.request boing please procedurally generate a dominions 5 mod that uses every legal result of .pretender to reseed the commander name list for every nation
i think he only gives us good pretender names in here
.pretender
see!
im pretty sure it was supposed to pull from kevin lf quotes everywhere
no they are definitely still kevin lf quotes in messages
they're just. not funny.
i'm mostly being facetious, i know things don't work like that, but it really did happen
if i am regular human, do i get more tired in heat 3 or magic 3?
i did 3 just now and they were very good
you don't get tired at all in magic 3?
waittt
i mean magic 3 heat 3 or nothing
for wizarding?
yes
depends on spells
communioning
you get a flat+ encumbrance
for heat
heat is +2 enc
but 10% fatigue per magic scale
isn't it +4 at super shitty heat?
so if the encumbrance is more/less than 30 of spell cost (its probably not) then flat scales is bettet
.pretender
not counting spewing rp at my enemies with poop mr in magic 3
it should pull from both lf kevin quotes and dominions kevin quotes
.pretender
.lf
...
!details
lol
dumb brain: drain 3 ulm
galaxy brain: magic 3 ulm
(ma)
lol 6 mr
!details

.request boing add all of tge quotes from both channels to the markov corpus
.pretender
doesnt drain immune make them not do books gooder in magic scales too
oh my gosh
i'm not certain.
these are incredible
but they get 1.5 mages/turn at their cap
so if it does work, lol
.pretender
wow
lol
(they can also get 1.5/turn with their mason commander)
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/388505704178253834/414345864992260106/dwlwzkyu0aa46zc.png
.lf
.pretender
great t'ien ch'i or yomi name
some of those names are incredible
.pretender
oh my godddd
.pretender
hey its repeating itself
boo
.pretender
.pretender
.kevin
.q kevin
.lf kevin
there's only ten thousand quotes or so
'only'
oh it only got one of the robots data
i know, i'm behind -- i said yesterday i'd be out of town today
.pretender
i should be able to submit tonight
i will see if i can get the other robot
hopes are low since im from the channel that had to be banned from the robot because everyone was typing ".gis diaper hitler kills president of united states of america"
.request boing the next step is to use a neural network to procedurally generate new kevin posts
the master's base fatigue is included in the amount you divide among communion slaves right?
is it possible to have my teammate make my turn for me? haven't played a direct connect game before
+ the slave's base fatigue as well
the masters spellcasting fatigue hits the master i think
fuck it. i guess i have to test math
huh i thought drain magic scales were only +/- a small flat amount (1 each?) to spell enc, not 10%
not sure why i though that though
.pretender
.pretender
no, sodomy dog, no
you could do this in a dm if u want your new commander names to be surprising
jsoh you should eventually watch my let's play if only so that you can scream endlessly at me about what a fool i am / how i explained every single mechanic wrong
.pretender
<:weebey:403422121466003456>
wait. does the magic reduction apply to the total fatigue?
so if i cast smite with 8 fatigue it brings it down to 6?
not sure
maybe only spepl fatigue
and not encumbrance
harder to test ij dom5 because everyone has free reinvigorate
yeah there's a turn of my let's play where i try to calculate spell fatigue exactly
and it doesn't go so great
at first
what game are you lping jerek
finally, some good fucking chatting.
give him your pw and he can
pankor
link to your tube?
aka the only one i'm at all paying attention to my turns in because it turns out lping is hard
what artifacts should i make as theorodos
the book of extreme fuckery
i think i will wish for gate stone
instead of forgeing it
i guess my attention gradient is like pankor > badnations > stupidrobot > nazcagame > more turns
but wheres you lp
thats my question
i dont think he started uploading yet
i havent either
for me its lanights=bad=pankor>therodos >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>nazca
did you see the result of my telkhine acid storm attempt nuclear monkey
monkee i may have secretly started uploading some turns, but not shown them to anyone in the game
yet
he showed them to me because he's a doofus
i am a doofus!
ugh that game.
i should be beating arco, but i am bad and this map is bad
you can do it atlanton
much like your posting
make cryle die-le
dyle?
i heard it
though i pronounce cryle "crylie"
i have so much fucking good in that game
<@184675842432040960> ill give u 2k for the hammer
i no longer need gold
i could maybe send troops at the people fighting you
they are trapped on death planet
i could maybe walk to death planet
you should.
do not walk to death planet
i feel like 2000 gold is a lot of gold
what can i even do with 2000 gold
.pretender
send me 2000 resources
pay me 2000 and i will take it from him by force
hire all the mercs
you cant take it by force u nerd
hirings mercs is what got ulm into this situation
lol
which one of you idiots has the ring
ulm does
lol
did
did have the ring
what
what the fuck
i have absolutely no clue
ill pay you two thousand gold to send the ring to cryle so he will sned me a hammer
he was gonna rent it to me, but he lost it
the ring is the most powerful item in the entire game probably until turn 40 but
you lost it
ill make that deal
i think i was walking it back and it got indied
you fucj
lmao
werewolf jones invites u cordially to the fuck zone
extremely dominions 5
another casualty of the throne of bests
the hammer would have saved me like a hundred blooders for makong a robe of sorcery
did somebody
get a wizard ring
so would the ring i guess
for free?
a sorcery ring
this map has stupid indies
for killing indies
it was a ring of sorcery
not quite as good
and then lost it to indies lmao
lmao
like the first indy i run into is a astral 5 mage
against ulms
so he just took my whole army
lmao
hahahahahahaha
owned
gee game thanks
i saw th ebattle report for your second attempt against that guy it was very confusing
cackling uncontrollably irl
why is ulm fighting ulm???
one of the exits to cave planet had a buncj of cirvle masters
and it's good because they walk slow to battle getting enslaved
and then as they run away, they also get enslaved
but i persevered
you should od what i od
and build a lab in literally every province
and hire elephants
please dont
od
drugs are bad
and then my capitals is next one of the craziest thrones i've ever seen
like 700 fuckers
i didnt get any hats from clearing my throne
its not that bad
real sad
it the throne of destiny btw
i scried it
which one is destiny
i don't need destiny. i need points
luck, order, growth?
oh
i got the throne of lots of olms
the stupid fucker idiot throne
seems like a good throne for you
3w a turn hell yeha
jsoh.. it looks like you cant stand up!!!
what
what do you want for the dang hammer
because you're sitting
in the throne
i dont want to trade the hammer ot you i dont even know you
youire never going to get cryle to make an offer
you should offer to not kill him
i have made offers
i want to give my god the hammer since hes a cyclops
all you can do is keep making random offers and maybe he'll accept one eventually
its lore appropriate
i made jerek an offer and he said it wa sa good offer
lol
ok how bout this
i feel that is perhaps a mischaracterization of what i said, but i did say i would think about it
if mictlan is not in control of mictlan. i will give the hammer to the player in control of mictlan.
how many  people have looked at the map and figured out which provinces are many sites
in control of or owner
in control of, but sieging wouldnt count
?????
christ this fuckin' game
because mictlan would still be in control of mictlan
so owniler
i guess
i made it pretty explicit
also cryle please don't help throw the game to dual caps nazca
no, you did not
in fact you immediately contradicted yourself
if x is y,  then z. riidi: uhh ths makes no sense.
is nazca player here
it is bug squash i think
yes
so there is a green light, but that means nothing
i think i can defeat nazca player
you're in the wrong corner
or wait i guess there's purple
my statues have shock resist and 27 prot wheb blessed
im currently a minority share holder in nazca planet
dont the statues have like
map move 4
i dont know
i thought they could walk far because, like undead, they do not have to stop at night
i have dumbass teleport connections so im not really that far away anyway
plus mybe like giants they have long legs
the good statues are jot very tall
the olms what fucked pale ones and had babies together have trash mobility
finally did my turn
so either way my armies gunna be slow
.pretender
!details pankor

im dying
how oculd you do this
take the turn i mean
why
nobody wants that
man
celestial masters
are dicks
getting clowned on by acid rain and sun beams
my face when cryle takes a contract out on me because he's upset i was mean to him in chat.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/366240481048395776/414503088234168320/khmast8.jpg
https://i.imgflip.com/utxk7.jpg
its for betraying me in the disciple game
pretty clearly false since it happened right after i roasted you.
the epic roast of 'crlye doesnt do trading' despite cryle loves do trading!!!!
cryles loves do trad.e
people should give me things to help fight nazca
he is going to storm one of my forts
i could give you  a shitload of gold for other things
mayyyybe, my other things are also generally in short supply or are earmarked already
.pretender
incredible.
prophet "very carefully"
i could trade you an armor collection, enchanted shield, horned helm
what would i do with that
is nazca snow balling uncontrollably
display them in your grand hall
nuclearmonkee did you see my extremely good acid storm telkhine trip report
no did you post a screenshot
no
or did you fuck it up
he isn't really snowballing, but he has a lot of birds and they're really annoying
he went completely off script and killed 200 things with his farts
lol
and retreated to safety
why would he go off acid storm script
then the pg stormed the fort and died
if you hav e the gems he should have done it
he had 6 water gems
vs 300 mans
<:illwinter:372894192894214176>
with like 15 ghosts and one commander oj his side
i had the same thing happen wheb i tried to get my pg to acid storm in the game i won in dom4
200 guys dying to farts is pretty funny though. did he have no poison resist at all scripted vs late game therodos
ai
oh
<@181529528307417090> let us be friends in the game stupidrobot
and fight the whatever menace, as long as the menace is not me
i am not a menace
my temple in cap burned down in pankor ajd i forgot to rebuild it
powrful
so i have 4 bonus scouts lol
mine did too it didn't matter
yeah i have yo recruit stuff from there
scouts ftw
oh is stupidrobot not running silt
im a fucking idiot. god dammit
oh well i guess
stupidrobot is not a silt game, no
well im helheim and i have no blood research on turn thirty six
!details

well, not none. i have blood one
i've got wrathful skies and stuff online at least i guess
monkey i have blood 3 as lanka, and have not been pressing buttons very well
lanka doesn't need very much though
is that where asrapa is
i think i might need one more
for those
i was doing something silly instead
but
don't you have a good bless for asrapa
yeah pretty good
asrapa are 3
oh cool guess i should press the make those button
yes
and then get to 4 for the +4 str to all demons buff
which is tragically insanely hard to cast at b2 + 1 slave
yeah blood lust
i have barely been doing blood, mostly i have been using raksharaja as dumb thug raiders
extremely badlt
lanka needs like, blood four, alt four and some ench maybe
thats it. you're good for almost the entire game
*badly
oh and const of course
yeah i have those now
gz you've p much got it in the bag if you're not dead
b/c you can make asrapa + strong, and swarm, and skel
i have to actually press
buttons though
i think he's small though idk because i have bad scouting
no i am pretty sizable
and ive been in a hellwar so im not large (sad!)
but im a ponyman so if someone attaks me i will obliterate them probably
lol if you didn't get in a hellwar with the indies and die because a bakemono kunshu is extremely worse at expanding than an oni kunshu
i should have attacked abysia
lol
"i am weak so i'm not a thread unless i'm attacked in which case i will win" - monkee, every game
i am attacking your cap in that game finally this turnjbre
i'm pretty sure i got an event that actually reduced by pd so you will not find it a challenge at all even slightly
https://i.imgur.com/eibstjt.png
pretend that's a ponyman not a abysian
come on illwinter give ma mekone my incredibly good spell i suggested + made as an example
which is going to be a part of my day 0 ma mekone less shit mod if it isn't
whatsit
i love them so. if i had any decent non-capital mages to back them up i'd be owning this nonsense.
i too want to know
it is jsoh a polymorph spell for your gigantic tyrants who are a bit fucked up + hate it. results are:

- not changing at all and cursing a random commander you own (every polymorph curses)
- turning into a super good size 5 polemarch type guy with halt heretic + h3, non berserker and reduces rather than increases unrest
- turning into a fucked up no arms slug body titan type thing w/ more water but less fire magic + being even more angry than before about it
- turning into a gross lame wings titan with more air and less fire + earth (angry)
- turning into a burnt by banefire tyrant with more death + less earth, and being extremely angry but having a banefire hands attack
- turning into a goat
- turning into a mouflon
- turning into a helote warrior
i hate moving scouts every turn
ma mekone's cap only guy is p much a dai oni but without a hat + berserk in terms of paths as an aside
berserk powerful mage v good
i believe they are aware of the problems this causes and it is deliberate
on your 4 comrec 425 gold commander
lmao
who, one day, might turn into a slightly more competently sprited version of this
or this guy, for example
i bet that guy is really mad about not having any hands or feet.
he's!
the faction is such a mess atm but hopefully it will be good
*narrators voice "it wasn't"*
ko apparently has some new ideas for mages for them which is nice
jerek is my
b/c at the moment their out of cap mages are some rando human nerds who show up, and an n1 younger cyclops who is a mouflon summoner
ai dead yet
does he have an idea bout adding #selectevent and making it so you can make a modded spell grant immortal instead of transforming
ha ha ha ha ha, monkee
the event thing is particularly needed
i want to make arenas great again
i think they understand that people want selectevent
how would you make arenas great again?
.pretender
since p much the entire beta testing team has badgered them about it in the dev forums and also in the steam forums post release
good
modding request thread, at least 1ce per page: "add selectevent"
#selectevent "bogus" #clear #end
it's a shame that unlike my fatuous abysian labs not burning down mod, the arena mod would actually be something that everyone in the game could tell was working or not and would definitely come up
arena being interesting and a repeateable once per year thing that was guaranteed to fire and had real rewards
especially since they added the peoples arena
*watches pony nation become even more bullshit*
magic is verboten
you can easily see
as are pgs and the like
what the pony in the arean is
and learn to slay it
sounds like fun
.pretender
<@184675842432040960> pg god name located
heil yes
down to <@137038752370524161> and <@!282159431519567873>
lol
lmao
water nations!! (drown vanheim)
.pretender
.pretender
i attacked vanheim
my master plan is to conquer all non forted provinces with deep armies and make you bankrupt
i would have killed his god but my vastness ignored attack rear and just sat there making 1 skel per turn
after he killed everyone else ofc
skelton
and also burn temples i guess
.pretender
.pretender
jesus christ
oh yeah i saw that battle i think
make a pretender channel that just spits out a pretender name every 69 seconds, forever, imo.
perfect idea mu
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
why is kevin so obsessed with
quinoa
now solely ewie
<@137038752370524161>
one @ is probably enough
you know the wand/staff style weapons that cast a spell
do they need to be on cast spells or attack to be using it
you script the item spell specifically
right, okay
and item based spell still creates fatigue?
the commanders spellcasting fatigue
spellcasting encumbrancae
so the benefit is solely in auto-cast spells/not needing gems?
yeah probably
a guy who cant cast the spell normally can cas tthe spell
and it costs only their spellcasting encumbrance instead of whatever the spell would normally cost
which is spellcasting encumbrance+fatigue c ost of spell
oh i misunderstood that
right, okay
also you can cast it from the item without having the research to cast it without the item
the terror on a stick one is p. good
or at least it was before the change
its very expnsieve
you mean auto frighten banner?
ye that on
e
the make skeletons amulet is the gold standard i think
ya
banner of the north star is great as an autocast stick
it's okay
the autocast stick of choice is the staff of storms
hey somebody sell me death gems thanks
b/c it is the only way to stop fliers fucking your shit up unless you have innate (3) casters
if someone is in the air when storm takes effect they should be forced to the ground and take size+drn damage
unless they are storm immune
and ping me or dm me so i dont have to look here again
i like making extremely cheap rods of command as ma ulm for indie commanders
b/c combustion is funny
why would you waste your fire gems on that
it costs like 2 gems
when you can hit const 6 and make
1 fire gem lanterns
because lighting people on fire i s f u n n y a s h e l l
just make lanterns like an extreme pro
jonjoe i can do both things
const 6 rush ulm
magic 3 const 6 rush ulm
wow so amazing
why were people consdering non drain ulm earlier
for mr or
i mentioned it off hand
as a joke
oh o
k
but it could work! sure all your mr is shit but you could have
la pyth levels of research
w/ your extremely good 2 gem lanterns
the reason la pythium has la pythium levels of research is 1.5 mages a turn from your capital and 1 command point foreign mage for 40 gold
ma ulm cannot touch that
ma ulm can make 1.5 mages a turn from cap by default, and any fort they feel like, and can have const 6 for 2 gem lanterns by early year 1 if they rush it
of course if they do this they are not rushing a good thing, like their extremely good national spell
on turn 28 or whatever of la nights im going to make 12 mages
at evo 6
uuh
my master plan is to feel smugly superior to everyone that thought you were irrelevant until you win
why do i suddenly have an unsubmitted lanights turn
if i want , i can spend nature gmes to make more mages
with 5 hours left
the game turned?
absum sell me death gems
when did it turn
id guess about 24 hours ago
presumably, 21 hours ago
im the game host so if you need an emergency extension or w/e, w/e
absum i need 10 death
lol soul dog god owned
by pd
he survived but hes diseased with 27 hp or something
lanights has been v. unkind
to pretenders
nice
its been great to my pretender
my pretender died
turn 2
to hyper shitty indies
sounds like good indies innit
like 10 militia and 6 light infi
absum how much gold or whatever do you want
for 10d
he even casted skeletal body!
or a skull staff
dont do it absum
jsoh will use it to have access to real spells
if you dont trade me i will just alchemize it
so you have to beat 20 pearls in price
or , be real, 8 pearls since i took the e god for hammers
18
16? its 16
i'm sending you 13 death gems
unless you only want to pay for 10
whats 13 for
i just need d2 on my pg
literally all i have lol
ctis cap is mine at last fuck you lizard mans
what do you want in exchange
actually i maybe just make a sorcery ring dont i
oh wrong room
well who cares
yeah thats the play
sorry for wasting your time
jsoh on turn 28: maybe i just make a sorcery ring
what if i send them and you make a bvc
thats certainly a possible tihng
i would prefer to wait, so i can make that bvc with a hammer
my godi s making a sorcery ring this turn
and is the only e2 i have
uh
why the fuck is there a cockatrice in my fort
press i
oh
how do i get underwater on pythium
that must be the guy what got turned into a monster by a crone
this lake has 450 gold in it
i guess water rings and swarm
swarm sucks ass uw
oh holy shit
you can i provinces you have a scout in
i never knew that!
<@!148098869782118401> boing how come you wont diplomance me about this game
.pretender
well
.pretender
because he just attacked you
good berytos pretender
id wager
aa
fuck
i was
changing my turn
fuck
<:prism:372894359680712727>
.pretender
.pretender
whys a tomb king have 50 fuckin hp
on account of how much cooler than mound kings they are
ugggghhhhhhhh
my jelly fish died to turn limit
after singlehandedly killing everything
and he died to turn limit because he was casting spells as he was running away
falling asleep while doing so
hahahahahaha
innate spellcaster, aka spell addict
also what game turned, something i'm not in?
mekone
we'll see. i've pretty much given up on that throne
fucking monoliths man
i have another spare dorf hammer if anyone wants
oh great anotiher turn
*sees that there is another turn up* kill me!!!!!!
to collect gems you need a path to a lab correct?
you at  you riidi, murdering all those poor swans
wow, that should have said look at you
ok
:kills u:
roleplaying is fun!
ya
hi someone sell me water gems. i will not read this channel so @ me or dm me or talk in chat
[5:13 pm] riidi: sees that there is another turn up kill me!!!!!!
this
are undead priests no longer automatically able to reanimate dead?
no, need the ability
oh wait, undead ones?
bahhh
not sure
i have 1 jsoh
yeah you need the ability
well, he probably won't read that
but that's his problem
unless you are , nazca lemuria ermor and maybe lanka?
that's annoying.  i guess they wanted to prevent people from life-after-deathing into a reanimation nation or something
makes my mound king prophet less cool, though
yeah
you can life after death 20 indie priests on nazca and get 20 reanimators still tho . lol
they wanted to prevent that spell from being good in any way.
or make a bunch of bishop fish and deadify them
its good for making you have a mindless communion
or making you not pay upkeep for a billion mages
its also good for just making ap ile of mages who can fight a blood nation
can you just mod reanimation in for all the nations
without asploding
probably
https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/885384463694067218/b436a57235b1294c0fa4e8e1bdad748085466e70/
i remember when jsoh sent his mage corps into a throne with some neter with the hope of them all dying and life after deathing but his dude did not cast the spell
i killed all of my own mans
extremely fucked up that there aren't more site-specific events
lol i just talked about a turn for 53 minutes
how
the fuck
well i hope everyone enjoys my podcast
you should do your turns like
mu
where he does them first
then he records himself looking at his turn - before submitting it, but after doing it
yeah i have one like that, because i fucked up and lost the recording, and it's probably a better format
but
also
it saves the viewer from going over your every click
and as we all know, the micro is the worst part of dominions
rambling endlessly about the mechanics is the point of this particular playthrough
i usually don't spend a lot of time on micro, i think
i literally watched you, click back and forth between two provinces
hahaha
for 10 solid seconds
i mean i believe that too
but i think that's more me waffling on what to do
than the execution
what im trying to say is
its a waste of the viewer's time to watch you do your turn
as opposed to, you do your turn, and then explain the important parts
probably true
its a waste of the viewers time either way bazinga
if you can't take your turns in 5 minutes then you're doing something wrong imo
.pretender
*looks at turn featuring over 100 mages all which need to be individually managed*
i...don't think so m8
i have to now make decisions about my like 120 mages
and scripting and whos gunna read books and whos gunna fight and where
boing is satan
jsoh your decisions are easy
you set them all to research
if i set them all to research then i wont get to make more
if my research stagnates i wont get to win the game i think
i can take turns faster when i'm not talking about everything i'm trying to do
but i'm still pretty slow
for strategy games i generally think aar are better then livechat
it's kinda moot with tbs but even so
aar miss the total awesomeness of watching the game evolve in real time
but only if you do it right imo
i think jerek's is the wrong way
i think mu's is the right way
when i say aar
i guess i'm misusing that word
what i mean is, i think summarizing your turn and what you decided to do after you've submitted that turn rather then talking through your turn as you do it
ah
yeah i take aar to mean
after the game's over, a big post about it
yeah, it's me misusing the word
blame the time of day
a time before 25:00, on a day ending in y?
every time is before 25:00
grats
you got half the joke
anyway the main appeal of lps of strategy games is the planning and how you execute your plan
and execution in dominions is fairly boring on a small scale
watching you script 120 mages isn't very exciting, seeing your mages form a big fuck off communion who drops a meteor on someone is
dominions usually works best screenshot but that's way more work
ehhh
it's only really work if you make it work
there's plenty of software out there for taking screenshots rapidly and storing them in a semi-sensible setup
writing
plus, hell, you can always just cheat and record then grab frames you like
is work i get paid for, generally
lately anyway.
what do you write jerek
i write esports nonsense for red bull lately
lmao
nice
you should prep a
april fools article
covering an esports game in the most obtuse way possible
throw some complex math equations over dota 2 or something
oh i was thinking about the launch of dominions as an esport
that'd be funny too
pretend it's a huge esports
w/ a major tourney
and cover a game of the tourney in an article
yeah, the best angle is making it seem like a long established thing
bonus points for including non-functional links that make it seem like you've talked about it before.
*nod*
it's great ideas guysing articles for others, its all the fun without actually having to write
ye
instead im writing...xianxia...........
did ramc win yet
work has fucking owned me this week
moved offices, i now have 30-60 minutes more of driving a day with my current schedule, and i've worked like 52 hours üò¶
<:wow:372896749716504588>
lol do u write xianxia
im in the process
got a writing group, trying to push something out
eventually
well i guess i technically also wrote some xianxia during this let's play
in diplomatic messages
sonshia
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
lol
https://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3842007&pagenumber=24#post481395916
https://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3842007&pagenumber=24#post481395916
fyi someone not man please take #36 from nazca. it's got the high temple of the magi for a total of 7 gems
!details pankor

nice
wooo, i guess i'm winning?
hooray
scales build makes mega bucks
turns out when you run order 3 prod 3 growth 3
you make lots of money
nods gravely
surprised i am not more behind in a lot of these things than i am
i'm surprised i'm winning in research
for the moment anyway
yeah, my spies had you as my point of comparison
so i figured i was doing poorly üòõ
i am really impressed you do have that much research
yeah that is
a lot
i assume lanterns but even so
right now nazca and oceania are scrapping over it
in pankor?
nothing but hiring warlocks
im not scrapping wtih anyone i attritioned to death and then had to defend against 6 indie attacks and take a throne
hell, i didn't even get a second fort until a few turns ago
shout outs to misfortune 3 throne of beasts
yeah, in pankor
i know! which is why i was thinking i was doing shitty with research
man 36 is h ella far away
!details geneva

still looking for players
i will scrap my game and join up if i can play nazca
lol
jsoh is worse than isis
jsoh nazca is the dom5 version of ramc pan in dom4
i only won a blitz
i didnt pick it ten fuckin games in a row or anything
ive played it once!!!!
how do
.pretender
the
and i played it poorly, and lost
also is this game's cataclysm turn 69
because if so i anticipate that we will hit that wall hard and fast
and keep going for a while afterwards
did rockyb cast eyes of god?
oh he did
did they change it so reforming immortals drop their globals or nah
he sure did
dunno
if i give a wizard a sword because it's funny, is he more likely to run into melee in like, bullshit assassin battles
instead of casting spell
immortals don't drop their globals but they do drop their incarnate bless effects
until they reform
kk
rip oil
oh good, unfortunately all of my old ass mages are dust now. :<
no broken nations or pans in this game :xibalba and asphodel are in it:
the known powerhouse ma xibalba
jerek - today at 10:04 pm
dunno
if i give a wizard a sword because it's funny, is he more likely to run into melee in like, bullshit assassin battles
once his sword has been drawn it must taste blood before sheathing
those xibalban frogs are pretty spooky
trying to figure out what the hell xibalba needs in a pretender
short answer: everything
.rp
stop! pay a fine or serve your sentence!
the eyes of gord.
ragha?
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
oh my gosh
monkeys dont live long :(
lol
.pretender
ljsaho;s
.pretender
i think thats too long
30 characters
isn't the longest string 32?
its good baby
*crowd goes wild*
33 is the limit i think
room for three whole !'s
.pretender
.lf kevin
hell im tryna get in them now.,
.pretender
.pretender
you know what
one of the best things dominions has, feature wise
is being able to make long-ass names for commanders
!details

definitely way up there
.pretender
lol
lolo
whys that so funny
im laughing so hard it hurts
fuck - blademaster, warcraft 3 [2001]
lol
greetings
!details

i had a warlock blood hunting in a province with a library
he got a random event that gave him +1 death magic
discord is also very confusing and i thought this was general chat
whoa, apparently dragons cant wear full helmets
only crowns and laurels
guess he wont be using this fire booster i made him
wtf
<:illwinter:372894192894214176> <:hat:372893620975566848>
!details

<@117041423492186112>
stale warning
i'm connecting right now
your teammate don't got time for your turns i gues
you got like
less than a minute
just got home a few minutes ago
for your turn lol
aw man
!details

uhh
unless there is no turn timer??
!details

!details

weird???
oh well
samogg are you a bot
<@255835336083636234> bot is not displaying the time correctly
or are you people
wait wtf
<@173950598138298368> game is not updating
the turn timer
(it has no timer)
and it won't let me change it
as soon as i hit send it did the turns
the bot samog says bot next to its name.
yes
!details

still no timer
weird
my apologies, the awards ceremony went until very late and we were rained on so the trip home took way longer than expected
i should be very active normally when i'm not hundreds of miles from home lmao
now you just need to teach them about a little game that goes further beyond chess
(dominions)
and then make a dominions tournament
where no one cheats
somehow i don't get the feeling dominions is an appropriate game for small children üòÉ
we start in kindergarten
!details

!details

!details

!details

cmon man
it's great
it's got wizards
kindergarteners are far more capable then you feared
let this be a lesson to the nincompoops currently helping man
the other samog helps you organize games. im the samog that is a machine built only to feel suffering
hey we had incomplete information
!details

it's probably disciple games fucking t hings up yet again
<@264039348494794754>
dragons can turn into a man
im not helping man it's not me
good to know nazca is being handled at least
yeah
oh i took his turn
my daughter helped me name tartarians in a game
i had big lady. poop guy and some other good ones
nice
caelum.. the deadly threat.......
dragons can cum
goat screaming like a man except the goat also transforms into a man and continues screaming like a man.
.pretender
.pretender
(deep breath) much like your posting !!
.pretender
.pretender
i patrolled out and killed 8 stealth units on pythium this turn. don't try and stealth the birds.
i think one might have been one of my scouts
just looking around
.pretender
lol
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
lol.
lol
remove trog's burn spellbooks ability.
doesnty¬†authored and¬†wheals¬†committed¬†on mar 2, 2017
<@317410996169736204>
.soup
:blessed:
uber released new financial data this week, showing full year 2017 gaap operating losses of $4.5 billion, and an operating margin of negative 61%.
lol
that's perfectly sensible. the five sirens... not so much
kos, or as some say, kosm
overview: the monolith still stands tall but world war ghost now rages on. you may be feeling clever about repelling an attack or two this turn, but the charts show barely a blip in therodoses army numbers. they are pulling more ghosts out of their ass than we can realistically deal with each turn.
good.
i'm thinking of adding a nap tracker to the bot. all commands will be pm only, you can never see anybody else's naps, you can add 1) fixed n-turns, and 2) floating  n-turns notice
you'll get warnings about naps ending soon, can see the status of all yours
i'd appreciate that
any suggestions?
i always forget exactly when my naps end lol
yes technically i could see all of them myself but i promised i won't do that for my advantage in games
bug fixing only
i put them in my discord notes on a person, and it pisses me off
usually i try to write it in a notepad but then i lose the notepad
my life is a shambles
what functionality would people want? adding the two types, list them, warn when they're nearly up, cancel them (either on betrayal or ai or whatever)
should the other person be notified when you register a nap with them
that'd be cool as heck esp because naps oft turn into peace until we both forget/convenient
i mean in theory it means one person just runs the command and both players get the notifications
nap should def be like a binding agreement on both sides, make the onus on the players
but the downside is that it's more open to abuse
be like offer nap y/n?
<@282646158218756116> i will diplomance if you want
any other feature suggestions?
i am not giving the bot the ability to shame nap breakers, and you will never be able to see any naps you're not part of
are all naps just 2 person?
typically yes
nevermore can shame the nap breakers
i think i'll make it so that all naps need to be registered to a game, and get deleted when that game is deleted
just easier for me that way, especially to keep track of turns etc
(a game already added to the bot's db i mean)
don't facilitate the use of nap's imo.
seem pretty prolific to me
my bot won't (can't) do anything about enforcing them or shaming or anything
my main limit is actually commanders
i have many ghosts bur hardly enough commanders
can an empoisoner assassinate an annunaki of the sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jz7mbbrteb8
nice.
1 goddamn combat round basically
pretty much pushing aside his body guard
im gonna cast swarm
swarm/bottle/skeles
give him imp contract too for fun
or familiar
or give him a cornicopia so he can swarm twice
thats a lot of gems to put on an assassin who might die
all manner of fruits and legumes ftw.
!details

damn human.
ok the empoisoner cast swarm
the annunaki cast living clouds
it was not a fair battle
lmao
do i need to give my empoisoner some sick weapon to rush the annunaki with
like a... dusk dagger
or a... doom glaive?
no bc he has bodyguards
im gonna keep throwing empoisoners at him so i can cast vengeance of the dead and murder him with the ghosts of dead empoisoners
no bc thats mr negates. fuck
bow of botulf
make he brain fall off
i might get two shots against mr 18
before living clouds comes and i need to make a new bow
also the stupid assassin will probably shoot the bodyguards
*pumps fist* totally feebleminded that gryphon. yeah.
i repelled a single theodoros attack on my throne
i'd feel smugger about it but i wasn't even really expecting an attack there so
!details

there's no mr at all my friend
if it even glances the guy his brain falls off
do it the professional way, just put up haunted forests until the trolls take it for you
has anyone confirmed/disconfirmed if a unit transforming into a vampire lord using silt gets magic boost to d3b3 if they casted it using boosters (e.g. they're really only d3b2 and were holding a blood booster)
oh <@96715337440952320> thats good
and its like +5 prec too
just need to not hit the gryphon
also what can i do with a shitload of astral income if my only astral mages are the occasional s1 sauromancer
i can empower one and make a hat and then i have an s3 sauromancer, and then...
i can cast acashic knowledge on thrones
ooh, an actual sensible use for acashic knowledge
!spell acashic knowledge
<@255835336083636234>: https://larzm42.github.io/dom5inspector/?page=spell&spellq=acashic%20knowledge&showmodcmds=1&showmoddinginfo=1&showids=1
what does casting it on a throne do? are there more likely to be sites on thrones?
yeah thrones have a high site probability
its still a pretty dumb use for 25 pearls
but i have nothing else to do with them i guess
if i keep empowering i can maybe cast teleport
and gateway
just alchemize them imo.
also good
my 10 pearls per turn could be 5 death per turn which is nice.
.tag jbrereton in-dying
.tags jbrereton
i took a players cap and his god showed up there in year 3 so who knows
hmm, which is cooler - vanarus or jotun
they're both cool
why do the vanarus forest mages not get snow move
every unit except for the pony and the forest mages gets snow move
they're barefoot, absum
correct boing wrt immortal home
ramc i have kein idee mate
they even get the 3 ice resist
they're used to a slight chill but they don't own snow shoes
ez
i bet penguins have ice resist but not snow move
johnjoe the answer to that question is bogarus if they are left to their own devices i think
what advantage does bogarus have for blood hunting
except hte vampire paths
its less about blood hunting and more about research
other than really incredibly good research and recruit anywhere blood mages i agree they have no advantages
since your vampires can then be incredible hunters once you start making them
what about larignon
or any xibalba
larignon is slower
xibalba is also very good at vamp but tends to use the slaves for ozelotlz
does xibalba still have the bats that have in built sdrs
yes their entire faction has sdrs
sdrs for days
swiggity swooty
hmmm whats even the best thing for blood nations to do if infinite vampires are off the table
and dont say send horror since v. few blood nations can afford that
sure <@275205678010859520> i'll join as vanarus
1 sec
how's about "use the extremely good demons with the very cheap 1 slave +4 str buff"
which demons tho
demons are v. expensive
uh whichever ones you have national paths for
cool
ah the overpriced 8 slave demon knight meme
.remember xibalba https://i.imgur.com/mm23dqc.mp4
xibalba
.xibalba
cool
oh let's take a hypothetical blood nation
nazca really does need to be dealt with, even if it's by someone big
that can both make a type of demon (one of any), but also boner fiends
i think boner fiends would be right 90% of the time
in fact it probably works out, we'd have steamrolled anyone else, but only someone my size can deal with nazca
i disagree
bone fiends are chaff
they are good if you need chaff
bone fiends get extremely owned by things like wither bones whereas storm demons are very good even underwater
bone fiends are good chaff early tho ya
and very reasonably priced
its very lol to me that storm demons are the uw demon
poor frost demons
so what do i take for vanarus? they have astral summons but no astral mages right
lol
in siltymod game i learned that storm demons are v v bad vs fire drakes
rip my storm demons
you can take an astral/fire god and make firebirds
that sucks, sorry about that
in dom4 the thing was to make vyeduni everywhere but i guess the com point thing makes that not as good
sages are still v good
ez (this is the svartalf masterchef not the linormr by itself)
.pretender
s4 wtf
he wants to forge
is transforming a good use of nature gems on monkeyman nation
not usually
do you have luck
probably not, then
misfortune 3 for life
even if i had luck 3 though, would it be worth it
does it even break you into paths w/ the chassis that have stuff like "30% fire boost", or does it literally boost existing fire?
it does break you into those paths yeah
extremely good pan strategy
hmmm so a transformation access nation has access to hypothetically all paths, with enough time and luck
and nature gems
correct
though questionable if its worth it
probably not
probably more worth it if you want thug chassis than path access, actually
uh
wrong imo
?
almost entirely a path thing
oh ok
i can't think of many transforms with more viable slot layouts for thugging
than human idiot
human idiots have 10 hp tho
what you really want is bane lord idiot
and usually come in some variety of old
true
what about a twist fate/quickness bless for vanarus
bane lords are always good
that sounds bad
twist fate works real well with glamor in battle
you know what else works well with glamor
im not convinced by vanarus sacreds
literally anything
just make chodes
including 0 bless
vanarus is not a troop sacred nation
imo
your sacred units are there for when you need to commit a violence to an enemy province on the cheap
since they glamour stealth
chud berserkers are fine
line up a few of them + stealthy commander, very ez
what oathbound really need is a movement bless or something
they are v fat
```
when going up against real enemy armies, two spells that really seem to stand out are wind guide and flaming arrows. not only do you have a highly massable archer to use them on, but your national magic paths are uniquely suited to laying down both of them at once without assistance from boosters or communions.
```
*looks at inspector* - highest mage is 1f with 1/4 f pick
wtf
2f is access to flaming arrows
vyeduns are extremely easy access to fa
correct
you cast phoenix power and use an extra gem
although with conservative magic use my mages always use 3 gems instead of 2 to cast flaming arrows for some reason
do they get great bears nowadays from ea rus
they want to not fatigue out boing
ma van's greatest sadness
is no natural firebird caster
hence linormr masterchef
you gotta either gind alchs or make your god 4f 4s
w/ fs paths
don't necessarily need f4
for the "a mage showed up to pay homage" events!!!
*galactic brain* thunder weapons bless so a vyedma can make your sirins killing machines
if you take fire 1 earth 1 astral 4, magic 3
theres an event to gain a natural firebird caster
in fact, people should be delighted you are ending up with an extra two capitals
ya but you need an at least half retarded expander and those are not convenient scales + paths to take with that
i mean i need some kind of s bless since i'm taking s6 on my pretender
or is that s7 to not get dualed
just 1, oceania can have pythium
he's cool
w t f
good fucking luck, oceania
why not just take 4 and respect that you might lose them to a mind duel if you get unlucky + also don't find any other s indies of which there are several
he's borne the brunt of the losses so far anyway
is tcid still around
if you're looking for sympathy you should play a nation that doesn't routinely get banned
good lord, no. we should both die
but you should die more
ok, that's cool, i'll work to kill you then inevitably do something incompetent
that something was attacking glorious and peaceful nazca
probably true!
probably true!
hi boing
hi boing
lets diplomance
lets diplomance
does anyone know wtf is a
does anyone know wtf is a
geometric jacobian
geometric jacobian
<@96715337440952320> why the earth?
<@96715337440952320> why the earth?
yes <@282646158218756116>
yes <@282646158218756116>
because they start with it and not having your pg + sacred commanders maimed for 48 points is nice, plus it helps with forging + casting in general later
because they start with it and not having your pg + sacred commanders maimed for 48 points is nice, plus it helps with forging + casting in general later
i want to have the provinces that are within 16 move of my capital
i want to have the provinces that are within 16 move of my capital
and i will pay you to go away from them
and i will pay you to go away from them
i know thats why i took them
i know thats why i took them
the world cannot stand idly by while rp pythium accumulates mystes
the world cannot stand idly by while rp pythium accumulates mystes
for nefarious ends
for nefarious ends
hmm
hmm
this is not much of a diplomancing is it
well, you tried
well, you tried
and the f2 <@96715337440952320> ?
you can't make hats right
you can't make hats right
oh for birds
oh for birds
i will consider not taking any more of your provinces
for birds, yes, and making a skull of fire and being able to make a flame spirit for if you also need a hat for some reason (you almost never do)
for birds, yes, and making a skull of fire and being able to make a flame spirit for if you also need a hat for some reason (you almost never do)
ohh fuck yeah flame spirits exist
ohh fuck yeah flame spirits exist
i can boost all the way to kings of elemental fire as ctis
i can boost all the way to kings of elemental fire as ctis
i would be very happy if you not take more of my provinces
i would be very happy if you not take more of my provinces
but im obliged to take back the ones youve already taken
but im obliged to take back the ones youve already taken
i welcome the mystes offensive
i welcome the mystes offensive
*quote from man swarmed*
what are you gonna do, swarm me
!details geneva
!details geneva
<@275205678010859520> go go go

<@275205678010859520> go go go

!register vanar geneva
<@255835336083636234>: registering nation vanarus for user <@255835336083636234>
<@255835336083636234>: registering nation vanarus for user <@255835336083636234>
i hope everyone has chosen bespoke ai-generated pretender names
i hope everyone has chosen bespoke ai-generated pretender names
.pretender
.pretender
*very cool*
ill make a map
is heat3 or cold3 preferable as a temp dump scale
i dont have fire and the game is filled with coldbloods so maybe cold is better.
depends how annoying you find being slightly slowed down by snow
oh also cold can provoke a shitload of people die of the cold events
does heat still provoke your lab burns down events
yes
cold lets you cross rivers but also amkesyou walk less gooder
boing ill have back 87 97 and 98 and a 12 turn nap and give you a thousand gold?
and i will not sell bvc to absum
i dont need gold i need gems
what flavour
earth and death and fire
me: going to throw all of my diseased and afflicted enaries into a throne to suicide them and turn them into wight mages.

also me: i'm a tactical genius. https://i.imgur.com/rnlsyfs.png?1
lol
nice
how scared should i be of research pythium
somewhat
you're la ctis right?
yeah he has all the kill skeleton paths
what does end of culture do
i'm not yomi.
lmao
it makes them make more onis
and gives them turmoil domspread like niffleham has cold domspread
a guy thumbs down reviewed dom5 on steam because of the new bless system
end of culture!!!!
so the province next to your candles get turmoil
he wrote an entire
typo'd novel about it
holy shit and another guy is calling it a money grab w/ barely any changes
boing i think you should own pythium before they cast every n global
you shold not own pythium
ty jsoh.
ragha has like 50 provinces at this point
and i have maybe a dozen
m-my culture...
utgard has swallowed all of man
now you must all partake in anime
does jojo count?
how do i kill uhh
one hundred eighty mystes
why *wouldn't* jojo count?
thanks bot.
the mystes is not so much the issue
geneva has started
well, the mystes are a huge issue
but theres other stuff too
!details geneva

nice.
treat them like you would treat a hundred and eighty crossbows , with no reload time, who have 14 precision
why are they spamming vine dart
b/c they are n1 mages the fuck else do they do

someone cast eyes bc i really want to see the graphs for this game
180 vine dart spammers was really annoying in dom4 but i bet it looks cool as fuck in dom5
i'll be the roundabout
the words will make you out 'n' out
i spend the day your way
call it morning driving through the sound and
in and out the valley
the issue is , the foul vapours, astral tempest, grip of winter, relief, solar brilliance, creeping doom, storm of thorns, charm, will o wisp, pillar of fire, falling frost water elementals, nether darts etc
that the guys who are not mystes do
also someone mind pasting a picture of the cast text
you havent lived until you've watched tens   sufficiently precisioned ma ulm mage-priests spam out a laser like stream of 15 darts a piece
i've never seen it cast before and i just get "eh you did it right""
.pretender
boing the way is 999 will o wisps from off the side of the map
its fine i have uhh, bane fire
bane fire the premier way to kill 6 bugs at a time
ill have you know it decays 60 bugs at a time
will o' the wisp casts at exactly the same time as swarm so that'll be a lark
whose random order comes first: the battle
when ive had moak up for a year and ahalf fire gems do not have the same value as nature gems
if you kill a lot of mages it doesn't really matter what the stockpile looks like
like foul vapours is not something ctis is exactly scared of here
that's what we get too, just a standard has cast a global text
everyone is scared of it
because it rolls one million times
freespawn chariots should be enough to deal with moak gem income bug swarm
<:illwinter:372894192894214176>
yeah its not like nature has any summonable size 4 things with 50+ hp
are you making... vine ogres
<:manystares:390330403929587712>
maaaan
just start mass messaging us dbz scripts
i have taken two turns.
.pretender
no
rp leader spotted
remember .the the
.remember the the
.the
<@96715337440952320> does a sauromancer turn into a saurolich with silt lichcraft
nope
fucked up
if you would like to collaborate for an alternative lich / vamp transforms for silt mod in the modding channel i would be up for it
but i do not really want to do 300 sprites myself for something maybe 10 people will ever use
i can do that
the sprite is already there!!!

an okay sprite is already there boing
but it is as good as you'd like?

perfect.
that'd be pythium
im not gonna cast it cause muh pearls
nice.
what if... i send you 50 pearls
!details

then i will cast it, and edit the graphs to make everyone attack you
lol its literally just the sauromancer sprite but with grey skin
nazca has only been banned once that i have seen
and they haven't actually won a game yet, just a blitz, for the record
that's called aesthetic management and i like it a lot

but now we get to the tricky part: does it just have the same stats as a normal lich
i put more effort into the fuckin ghul lich sprite
utgard first
listen m8 as the author of la de dana, a mod that adds fomorians with decay face, i appreciate what they did
saurolich has 3 more hit points than master lich, and 2 more prot, and double the leadership, and swamp survival
they spent more time on that than on making the sprite
tfw when you dont edit the graphs because im actually ahead of everyone, but you said you would edit them so nobody believes you
ya i can see it has slightly different base abilities (it is a god), what i mean is should it be harmonised with normal lich
i think it should have 3 more hit points and 2 more prot and swamp survival
hmm
none of those matter really
its still d4 immortal
why can't my demilich cast cloud trapese despite having the gems and the paths and the research
immobile
they can only teleport
he's a pile of bones
he has no hands to swing from the clouds with
he cant stygian either
a saurolich has like 18hp more than a normal lich you turn into with silt
fling him with cloud trapeze it's gonna go everywhere
or faerie trod
or gateway
he has no feet to walk through the underworld with
little lich bones raining down on the population
absolute mess
can he teleport though
yes
oh. probably lower that to the three hp and two prot and swamp survival
fuck
agree
are the teleport only guys allowed to gateway or astral travel
or is it legit teleport only
no
at least not in terms of gateway
definitely not gateway
make gramma lich tia
not 100% in terms of at
!details

<@181529528307417090> <@137038752370524161> waiting on the two of you
and skrattipire
cast lichcraft so he grows legs
and grammapire
does anyone have any mods they actually use with fixed ids they don't want this to clash with
tell those people to get fukd
it's what i do
heres how you make the sprites: take the normal sprites and use grayscale filter
#wow
illwinter level graphics quality
"a saurolich is a sauromancer who has turned themselves into a lich. by means of a dark ritual they have preserved their ability to walk around in a swamp quite easily."
crime
crime alert
why isnt that a perfectly legitimate use of lichcraft
because it is 100% intended to not be castable by undeads
as well as lifeless / mindless in general
but shillwinter's spec system doesn't work for polymorphs in terms of unit targetting
i think if a demilich wants to undergo a dark ritual to gain legs he should be able to
he doesn't even gain immortality from it
i think part of taking a cheap as chips demilich is not really being able to use it for cool things
its enchantment 8
ok but also your pg was p much free
.tag jbrereton lich police
if you are going to go full cad you should turn them into a mound fiend anyway
lol
is that a crime
mound fiend / mound king as transforms would b very funny
since that has 1 turn immortality + is a better chassis for something that has better magic anyway
and also extremely bad
it's a crime boing
whats 1 turn immortality
coming back instantly from anywhere
unlike a lich where there is a 3 month wait
wow seriously
or a vampire who is at least intended to have the time extended depending on distance from where they died but i'm not sure if it actually works
yes seriously
the mod inspector doesnt distinguish between immortality types
it is not so much a different type as a different length
but ya
i made a saurowraith sprite
i was hopin to make some words with people
hire me illwinter
nice
please zip these up as targas or bmps
you made the black spy from spy vs spy bitch.
lol



nice.
nice, nice
for wraith lord since it's a ghost you can probably just have big wraith lord and normal wraith lord
maybe super big wraith lord for pg chassis that's actual size6
boing are you doing a sauromancer count drac cosplay sprite also
is that intended?
should in theory mainly just be a matter of dragging the lich head onto count drac body
probably, they had to've coded it on purpose
also can we have some vague guidelines for what we're going to do in terms of mages
is it going to be like every d2 and above mage that isn't a person or what
im thinking it should be "any that someone is willing to sprite"
which should cover the needfuls
nice.
i'll finish the onaqui ones off in a bit, just coding atm
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
.pretender
ok i did my turn

tried to stick to the general vampire color palette
nice!
did the game fuck up somehow last turn?
i got a stale even though i definitely ran a turn
david vs goliath
well, 384 david's
v good
384 pygmies üëÄ üëÄ üëÄ
i realize now that i dramatically misunderstood how machaka is supposed to be played
i don't think anyone knows tbh
nancy cordes: but it does beg the question, how is it that these russian operatives knew to focus on purple states like michigan and wisconsin, and your campaign didn't?

john podesta: well, of course, we spent a lot of time, energy, and effort in all those states.

nancy cordes: hillary clinton, herself, did not spend much time in those states.

john podesta: we, you know, we had -- tim kaine was there, barack obama was in -- and she spent enormous time in pennsylvania and michigan.
way too long for a pretender name, sadly
<@!169456837236621312> how do i assassinate an annunaki of the sky
very carefully
mod idea: instead of extremely cold killing lots of people events, rus nations get an increase in ushanka sales, providing gold.
we need vampire, lich and uhh what else
except wraith lord
worm mage is fine as is probably right
ah ok its just those
imo a large wraith lord just uses the bane lord sprite


i didn't have any issues
sick
there needs to be bigger worms
for gods
and giants
the size 6 worm mage should just be a mount of insects probably
vine ogre sprite but with bugs pasted around it
perfect
could modify like uhh that swamp thing they added
for size 6
my sprites are much more dumb

dont use that im making something better
those are actually merfect
they dont have tails
perfect
ok fine
worm that walks is fine as a size 2 er
uhh that fucking owns actually?
luckily skrattir already have a lich form, which is a bog mummy
yeah that ones ez
probably wont be liched ever but it's easy enough
vamp is something you would realistically do for them or a gramma
and lich on the d3 gramma maybe
ya it's fine got ur lich sprite for a bog gygja
.pretender


ill zip em all up but they should be okay. did all 3 though the wolf forms are mostly make the wolf pale by desaturating and add blood to werewolf

i think gramma vampire needs a poofy shirt though
stupidrobot is really fitting for this game goddamn
ohh
are you making vamp sprites for everything that can turn into a vamp??
fuuuuck
i wanna make some sprites for this
in that case please do the sprites for the lankan monkees
raksharaja but  vamp/lich (wraith lord is fine, they're the same size)
jbre are you still thinking about what you're gonna do for stats?
!details

as i have just had my tea i'm just making the larger ones larger, the ones which are sauromancers more like a sauromancer, and the monkeys i will see in a bit
and then after that it's like onaqui who are easy enough to stat up
okay
i was gonna make a list off the stat differences between say, a vampire lord and an indie commander
just as a random point of ref
here is an example vamp lord change jerek

#copystats 404
#name "whatever the fuck the name is"
#spr1
#spr2 
#hp
#size
#minor regional difference
#end
perf'
nice
i am not going to artisinally hand craft 1 or 2 additional attack points here or there
if you give me your mod file when it is done
that can get extremely bent, conceptually
i probably will
but
if you do not want it to, it can also not
how would you even stat up the difference between a gygja, who is just an old nerd, and a vampire lord, who is less of a nerd but has preppy dress taste
interesting a vampire lord has 5 extra hitpoints, which is a lot for a human sized dude
so does a lich
so should a vampire giant have 50% more hp than a giant?
(obviously, for balance reasons, probably not)
absolutely not no way
i feel beautiful
gygja queen
lmbo
very good
but yeah i would be willing to go through and fine tune stats a little (obviously i would not give a giant vampire +50% hp) if you're willing to let me
i feel like monkey vampire should have extra stealth maybe
eugh
no no
no
not a lot but a little
no
okay
no additional stealth on top of the worst mechanic in the game, immortality
i will do minor stat alterations
you don't have to, mod is probably already perfect
flying immortal skratti plz. can just keep same hp doesn't need more
just with sprites
the part of me that dm'd 3.5 edition d&d for like ten years just wants to write a monster template
and apply it to all the stats
for sure you could make increasingly_broken_vampire_lords.xls
please don't indulge me
but tbh the whole point of the mod is to not make it into a completely guaranteed wise choice
lol inceasingly_broken_vampire_lords_liches_and_worm_mages.xls
worm mages are always the same size m8
would be cool if you could make it cost more slaves the bigger the vampire
also very funny
the commit suicide and get turned in a human sized mass of bugs, that's fine
monkee are 1_1 2_1 and 3_1 the 1st, 2nd and 3rd forms of the vampire lord as a skrattir
i'm gonna put a worm giant in a tabletop rpg adventure i think
i thought about it for a while and it would be great
all writhing bugs around telephone pole sized bones
do vampires not have popkill?
no
unless you are running the absolutely incredible dom 4 mod which should still work with the non immortal vampires that turn into evil blood clouds that eat 100 people / turn and only recuperate in that form
that's why i thought they did okay
ok perfect had to fix skin complexion

2sick2nasty
i was gonna say multiply popkill by vampire size
scaling popkill and unrest would seem merited
i'm glad to tell you monkee that the name of the jotun werewolf vampire form is the jotun scarewolf
perfect

new turn new turn
ty
<@185694323407454218> fyi 5020 people left nazca, not sureif you can see the event
actually here's a better version. those sprites were messy in game


<@!148098869782118401>  you got those sauro sprites zipped?
pfft, cowards
i'll do what i can to bring in 5000 more
vampire sprites for silt coming along nicely https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/413860486518669320/414873079202709504/unknown.png
gygja gievs u a kiss
‚ù§
did all of my units die jbrereton
https://i.imgur.com/eqc0hec.png test? is this ok?
hurrah!
also question, the only thing that changes in terms of the sprite is he turns into a vampire right? am i missing something with like size differences?
where is his vampiric cape!
tru
the thing that changes is that they turn into a vampire yes
remember to make your sprite images some variation of 32x64 or what have you and do the magenta shadow also
quite a lot of them
https://i.imgur.com/st3okff.png
they cast shadows in dominions land as everyone knows
>8o
gygja is thicc
what color is the magenta it needs to be anyway
oh i took out the shadows too
because vamps don't cast shadows thing
and they aren't 32x64 or w/e the game takes them fine tho
ahh i am so bad at dominions
yeah but it makes the sprite super smudgy
i have a carrion dragon , with a shitload of mannikins
its for the best.
this is the shade of purple
every time the manikins die and the dragon routes before they get to combat
wtf
oh yeah i should prob release that mod maybe
pro tip: do not take the stupid hp rout manikins with you
take a minor priest who can buff the dragon with the regen + move fast bonuses
remove dream sheep fires
the special-cased sticky flame mechanic isn't really justifiable with sheep now being a real enemy that's intended to be threatening instead of mostly just a joke.
sad
another question
is the tga invisible color black
holy shit!!!!
yes
you can be a tiny bit off black and it's p much black
but black = transparent
updated https://i.imgur.com/sdf4the.png
nice now do puffy shirt arms and you're there
hahahaha
well too late now, got to summon him up again for the third time in like 15 turns
.pretender
great eiru pretender name
.pretender
is this recognisably a vampire

do i need to give him little teeth
#2 https://i.imgur.com/sxjfh86.png
fighting machaka should be like being stuck in the first half of act 3, forever.
hmm
you dont know where you are, what you are doing, and theres fucking pygmies everywhere.
it's perfect boing
absolutely perfect
that raksharaja is getting there, def
lmao 5k left what
are you bvcing it
or was it a plague or some shit
everyone decided to up and leave
so just an event
actually they may have shown up somewhere else
they all went to desert planet and work in a newly found gold mine
i really wish the lab had burned down
event edit: province renamed california
raksharaja has powerful thighs
i'm pretty sure everyone knows machaka is the ultimate nation for flaming arrows bs
you have the ideal mages and troops for it
needs critical mass
very
not gunna cover them up
critical mass is like, 80
.rp
.pretender
.pretender
i miss when he just said fuck
.pretender
i dont
he's also not wearing pants, could add a dick hanging down
that's okay
sounds good
.pretender
what the actual fuck
i'm sure people will make a vampiric hinnom guy wearing a cape and a bow tie and nowt else
just the tip
crawl devs hate everything good and fun
peeking out from under his skirt armor
i was about to say that exact thing!
im already working on hinnoms
bow tie is good idea i will modify
really captures vampire sophistication
make a new set of nation-specific vampire names
imo
so for lanka, you could have name them blood ape. blape.
i am so stratospherically far ahead of you m8
consider the sauwraith lord
or jotun scarewolf
nice

honestly all of those would be good pretender names
ty boing
imo vampire lord should reduce in path reqs under silt
since it does less now
are you making undead versions of every commanders in the game
not every commander mu
make it death 3 blood 3 instead of death 4 blood 3
just quite a lot of them, ie the ones we want to and think are plausible
.pretender
.remember fuck fuck
.fuck
are these all kevin quotes
.pretender
they are kevin quotes that fit into the 33 character pretender name allowance
kevin ftw
.pretender
is kevin an actual person
i never understood this
i assume he's some kind of
lf bot
he is the bot ak was modelled on
kevin is real
seriously
so he's nevermore's grandpappy
seriously.
kevin is a real human person
i miss
buttbot
bot that repeats what people say and replace random words w/ butt
request a feature
.request on rare occasionally, repeat what someone says, but replace random words with 'butt'
do not make a butt bot than kyou
.request or replace random words with samog
.pretender
there aren't enough quotes
say something funny then
.q
.q buttebot
i see.
.q buttebot
its so bad
i will destroy the robot to prevent this
.tag jonjoe butt warrior
well
its better than anime, at least
.q woke
oh
.markov woke
[jcd voice] what a shame
nevermore has never heard the word woke in this chat, im very sad
no he would give a snarky error message
is he broken
.markov
.q
hmm
ill fix this

.q walgreets
can a vampire be erect
no.
depends on mythology?
depends which mythology you reference
mythological erections: the vampire
i feel like
a vampire dick would definitely be hella engorged
from all the blood
gotta store it somewhere
.q
.q
.q acoustickitty
.lf acoustickitty
perfect monkee, like it a lot
.request maybe fold in the lf acoustickitty quotes to the .pretender command
.request also rename the pretender command to something shorter that doesnt suck
.request .kev
.request .tender
ow
https://i.imgur.com/caavpuo.png
dominions vampires need not eat so they don't drink blood.
only the ritual that turns them into one.
imo.
he fresh
perfect, kremath
nailed it
lmao you actually did
ty
the dick hang
at the bottom
üëåüèª
targa em up and job's a good'un
cool
boing did you ever do the second sprite for lizard skull wraith lord
that was a joke sprite
do you really want it
oh

that was the first soul slay
rip me


holy shit, round 1 of combat ermor nailed vanheim's pretender with a soul slay. brutal

ya he got me good
i guess its 13 vs 14 anyway
why did he only have fourteen resist
i, too, would like to know this
if its late enough for soul slays its late enough to wear an mr pendant
he's base 18 mr
that means you were in a lot of enemy candles, maybe with magic
must have been candles yeah
it was a forted throne with a temple
nice fucking dice
u died even at 18
lol fuck i talked too long about other game and staled
he had a mr pendant but that was when he died the first time
to, uhh, skeletons i think
!details

you fucked up. you have fucked up now
i threw away a good lead this game
.soup
i had like 30 provinces in year 2 but somehow only one of them contained a single air site
is this nazca game
this is siltymod game
i let you keep the fucked up isolated province by ulm's cap though.
i do boing, 100%
ok im on it
why did the increase the power of fucking lightning
why. why
it did not need a stun effect
it really did not
mu when are you uploading more lp turns
your lp is top tier quality
my dudes went off script
https://i.imgur.com/3cqwtrj.gifv
it was fine

does lightning bolt have an aoe stun now
ofc
christ
see how the archers turn grey
yeah
is it aoe more than 1??
tstrikes is
yeah
and orb lightning is
orb lighting is *brutal*
...
orb lightning is v. brutal
it chains all over the fucking place
everything dies
that's fucked up right there
meanwhile fire
the key is to somehow not kill you are self
is still countered by
an evo 2 spell
which is why i have those zombu lof lightning there
im pretty sure
that the autocast shocking grip shield is the best thug gear in the game rn
any other sprites need doing?
yeah if they don't have lighting resist it acts as an damage and a stun and fires every round
and it's got really high prot+parry
so it's not likely to break
.pretender
.pretender
<@190292302785150976> i uploaded one like an hour ago.
whatever ones you think are worth doing
i think generics is fine for most humans
im testing now
it's mostly the giants and stuff that it felt wrong on
bt i think it fires twice a round
becasue the spell is 50% cast speed
like idk if my witch king turns into a vamp without a shitty lizard to ride on. it's fine
i like that dom5 makes thugs useful again
he gets feets!

he has a tail
haha
need a larger wraith lord
and larger worm
nice mu
i will watch it now
larger wraith lord is just bane lord
maybe two tiers. size 4 and 6
yes a larger wraith lord would be nice
worm i am against being above size 2 for religious reasons
i mean it probably shouldn't make more bugs for balance reasons
but it should have a big sprite!
size 6 could just be a mound of beetles
that wiggles for atk sprite
yeah i was getting 2 shocking grasps per enemy cast of sleep cloud
maybe have a big bone sticking out or something
what about these haha https://i.imgur.com/5nyngxq.png
so its aoe stun, twice a round
dakini could use vq sprite
could anyone make me soup or wine ples
as well as 18 damage on one poor bastard
oh wait does your mod also make it so bane and wraith lords are transform too?
all immortals
all immortals ya
witch king is fine with generic sprite. he's a man on a dumb lizard

my hero
vamp on lizard cmon
use the skeletal lizard from the tomb chariot sprite
probably
i need soup

made a slight edit
cape color was off
my mage who can do it is out site searching rn, and it'll be a couple turns before i have construction 4 to make win
*wine
wtf
i'm capable of forging but don't have the gems at the moment
i only have pearls and f gems üò¶
k
is the urgency extreme
i am attacking into dastardly popkill nation territory
i could make something soonish
if you don't find someone else bring it up with me next turn
you're taking well, i'd be raging.
anyhoo, anyone know why sauro has big packs of wolves all over the place?
hm in the name of human cooperation, i could send the geoms to make it this turn to warbread, and then decrepus could pay both of us
sure, but i should have nature gems next turn
it's 5 per wine and 15 for a soup, but okay
are you casting moak this turn?
yeah, i have good n income
but needed to route all my gems into several other things
oh, they have blood mages.
nice i got a source of water
now i can make coral blade for demilich
demilich does not... hand?!
i guess you made a copper arm?
<@317410996169736204> your square of talking fuckin owns
and nature mages, powerfully
hand of vecna.
square of talking does indeed own
i thought that champagne glass was a pair of shorts
like a robot wearing shorts like the goku pants
??
i improved saurolich while im at it

it takes me like 10 videos to figure out how to rescale images.
late game might be predictable
ok cool
basically ended up being a recoloured tomb king
then you get the gnome.
no issues here.  did you quit too quickly perhaps?
how much supply does wine give

ok i need to buy it asap so let me know thanku
wine is 50 supply, soup is a hundred
ok why is this stupid bot broken
.markov
ok its not broken
wtf.
<@317410996169736204> move patrol is a thing????
.markov
how do you do it
^
make a move order
then press space while selecting the dude making a move order
<@332710960554835988> geneva has started
nice, nice
you have to be moving to a fort.
!details

the bot really needs a !shame command
then i usually just use the mouse to manually change the order from the order list.
!samog
make wine
it's 5 gems for fifty
move patrol does not make you patrol in the traditional sense btw
it is a move and defend the province not hide in the castle order
ye it's just to end up outside the fort.
wish they'd change the name but they are resistant to this
they should call it move and defend fort
people always get fucked by thinking it imparts patrol value
they should make it actually patrol, imo.
monkee make me wine
in theory i have blood hunters.
in practice i have 69 n1w1 pieces of shit.
nice
.markov
hmm.
why the dog cops then, my *eyes suspiciously*
sometimes it successfully loads the corpus and sometimes it does not
do you mean the province by caelum
add the kevin quotes and the acoustickitty quotes to the corpus
it's also full of woodhenge druids bc i'm a weirdo.
i can do that yes
this is what i did & why. you gotta get rid of the fumes + keep the children safe
(lindso) thats my go to face
i fucked ted cruz, i admit it.
*in zakaria voice* my life!
i fucking love gaming
if you don't pay up, maybe jackie credenza, he comes by and rearranges your furniture
when you really think about it, shitting a hemp diaper is the most green way to poop and pee
18<khawaga> well, we're the propane brothers
(yobgoblin) .tag bonclay yalc nob
pm&&newline<grifty> i want hillary to don her blood drenched iron soaked war gauntlets of le epic win and clutch my pale, naked, trembling, blue veined body tightly, lifting me into the blistering sun of the serengeti . † †four giraffes have shown up to mock my pathetic chode and shriveled, ingrown plum-pouch
18<acoustickitty> odd, i respect our love & i love to taste lana del rey's pussy, which tastes like pepsi-cola / my pussy does not equal hate.
#lf halloween ep: lumberjulie was a bot.
(5:29:55 pm) fermata: vinyl nearly starves when he pees
<khawaga> mmmmm an irony free life......thats the life of chˆgyam trungpa, who was born in wisconsin!!
you know, race faces. here look *fires up alienware laptop*
ak is being real tetchy today
give channel ownership to another user.
haha. poop
khawaga listen to rap of any phony god's blessing. but because, i am a barely readable tumblr&&newline<@acoustickitty> khawaga listen to it.
maarak did you see the vid, even if i squeeze my scrote skin together i can barely get people to stop singing thrift shop (official hd lyrics video) - length 1m 8s - 8 views - theidecker on 2013.06.28 - http://youtube.com/watch?v=1tyvgff1gkg
piss pants child odd
suck and fuck ex-football player who shits himself tony siragusa diaper commercial
well anyway, bacon is epic
wow puppies you should get a dog like jake
boricua poots sounds like an ayn rand character
i imagine she has a tiny netbook perched on the edge of a neverending bowl of hotwings
khayleelyn only ate half of her cheesecake. the thiniarchy is getting to her, because she was repeating all this fat-shaming nonsense like 'i'm not hungry' and 'my stomach hurts' and 'mommy i can't eat this'&&newline<turdwarlock> fucked up that the human stomach internalizes fat-shaming and accepts the social construct of 'feeling full'
me genderfluid mates down at the pub's is cryin into their fish n chippies bout how you yanks keep erasuring them
me whovian two-souled bruv is standin on the bonnet of a lorry and screamin bloody murder bout your shite twitter, and every1s ingorin it becuz they just a bunch of bloody sodding mundanes
crickey mate i'm swedish. throw an ikea on the barbie
frog doth proclaim 'cannabis dung' for all to see
juggalo pride world wide
me likely
me taking over nsi: http://i.imgur.com/mdy7sb0.jpg
im permabanned poster crackerstomper58. i first started reading tumblr when i was about 12. by 14 i got really obsessed with the concept of 'social justice' and tried to channel it constantly, until my thought process got really bizarre and i would repeat things like 'basic bitch' and 'no one curr' in my head for hours, and i would get really paranoid,
im sitting here eating those overcooked peas and carrots, wishing i had payed more attention. this is probably what old age feels like
*buys tickets to see the full ring cycle* well, at least its not about bitches, blunts and bling
q: what do you call an epic rape aids baby. a: you are worst turk. you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell. return to croatioa. to our croatia cousins you may come our contry. you may live in the zoo....ahahahaha ,bosnia we will never forgeve you. cetnik rascal fuck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare..turk genocide best day of my life. take a bath of
like you guys know how i clowned on vinyl and thought he was a total joke, but regardless of whether he is a joke or not, he deserves a fair wage
you say 'grinder' when referring to the pond please? - stormfront: 'torrente 3 spanish movie about gaslighting
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luciferase that was the wiki article i was reading while chilling and watching the fireflies. it's a pretty good wiki article.
so guys you dont shower every day of game balance. for some people, like 114.
coustickitty> suck my dick into a panic attack
all the information you can with the abundance of pua material on the internet; they have much more to say about interacting with women than any headshrink. i myself been learning how to approach and make conversation with women. im a 41 yr old impotent balding virgin male and i asked a model (she was at our local mall trying to scratch out some talent) for her phone #.
@hamiltonpug (hamilton pug) - behind every great mind is a white trans/gender discourse assumed to identify as other names. unlike some names that make sense
america has a sense of smell like shit, this is good
i love to proclaim myself the epic lulz memes
boot-lip threat
terri schiavo still alive
,im the king of turds by which men had once been his manic nazi dream girl,
18<poop> james rolfe gets hit by his mom live on stream - length 1m 52s - rated 4.95/5.0 (86) - 17 094 views - yourfavoritemartian on 2012.01.05 - http://youtube.com/watch?v=oswsjtsfyxu
18<brattybc> *dan quinn voice* get on plants versus mice. have a good person dwayne 'the rock' johnson
18<khawaga> wavves - i need this as a virgin... with rage
18<smoogie> here's a silly dance
<khawaga> ab/dl trap artist. real crap shit
!markov it's problematic to assume that every business of america and myanmar uses celsius
'under capitalism, man exploits man. under communism, it's just where the 'em is harry potter's delicate anal boi blossom
'scrotum' is such a good comic: dinosaur comics
(homero) dobis p.r.: what we do and who we are - length 10m 37s - rated 4.98/5.0 (213) - 398,538 views - smithsonianmagazine on 2011.10.28
*gives u free cookies and free real estate
*in carl brutananadilewski voice* meat man short and fat and proud.
*in fermata voice* i got urine thrown on top of your nick
*in a increasingly more frenzied voice* map
*in a low horrid voice* side titties
*in alex voice* guys, quit it. cut it out. its college http://www.wm.edu/offices/auxiliary/conferenceservices/images/facilities/sadler-campuscenter-facilities/sadler-front.jpg
*in angry republican duck voice* genders genders genders genders
*in basshunter voice* dota is smart and commanded to testify before artie yamamoto
*in batman voice while grasping some female he barely knows* boo
*in batman voice* mrmmhh brhhmrnnnff
*in batman voice* i vant, to drink, your piss!
*in boomhauer voice* you make fun of chad kroeger for being a saudi man because he is afraid of getting further and further behind until finally a barb down into mahthahs vineyahd... right chuffed about my cheese
*in boomhauer voice* you make me less safe.
*in borat voice* the horror... the horror... the horror... the horror... the horror... the horror...
*in bored medieval serf voice* more prisoners more profits... i love anime'.
*in bored medieval serf voice* more prisoners more profits... i love my body!! *slowly kills self with eating habits and sedentary living, posts nude pictures of novemember security and investigations crew
*in cameraman on tourette's guy's voice* i vant, to drink, your piss!
*in col. cevin voice* the world what greatness was possible on earth. and no one has challeneged the laws of thermodynamics
*in dracula voice* i see all the basic slavs. calling all the time he has the washington post, he has some good jew food.
*in dracula voice* i vant, to drink, your piss!
*in dxm voice* makurodonaradu
*in elijah woods voice* raise your autistic child by evil georgian cannibals
*in elijah woods voice* raise your children as good as fuck bloc
*in foreign voice* plase to be a lurker am i, my friends are antisemetic racist transphobes who are bad.
*in garak voice* im half white
*in garak voice* im kevin lol
*in hanson voice* mbate
*in horse voice* james baxter
*in inkwell voice* maarak i was wrong. i had a shower this evening
*in inkwell voice* maarak i went to hahvahd... lived in wuuuughhh for a long time ago, kevin
*in inkwell's bean dong voice* hello. did you know? beer with any of those
*in it's tape voice* it's me puppies
*in james quall voice* sammy......davis, junior...............
*in kai winn voice* how bout chowder julius
*in lonnie voice* saam. saaaaaam. --something that is an accepting place where people are
*in lpc voice* i'm black so i can watch good burger #nowonnetflix #tbt http://t.co/flguamoim4
*in lpc voice* incorrect
*in medical voice* the duality of man, the last 10000 years is just a gay pressurized tube
*in mishima voice* quinoa mann
*in mishima voice* quinoa mann is aware
*in modulated voice* i'm a guy ferry
*in modulated voice* i'm a man would be good or bad. they have no water no terlets. and no it was really proud of that one macklemore song* this is fucking disgusting
*in nightmare borat voice* my wife
*in nineteenth century chinese scholar voice* fuck you
*in odd's wife* very nice&&newline<&odd> hey&&newline<acoustickitty> owned.&&newline<&odd> aaaaa what the hell
*in ouya chant voice* ouya
*in ouya voice* ouya
*in paint salesman voice* good.
*in patrock voice* boy i like being in a capitalist concept. messed up that its fun
*in patrock voice* im kevin irl
*in patrock voice* this is so funny and acceptable.
*in peasant serf voice* more terfs, m'lord?
*in peggy from ventrillo voice* fuck you samog
*in pesant serf voice* more prisoners more profits... i love it
*in poop voice* anus! rectum
*in samog voice* *complete silence*
*in samog voice* im jew'd
*in samog voice* i'll get angry at a profit i guess
*in shaky norwegian* where is evan reif?
*in sheldon from big ass fetish dot com
*in singsong blackface voice* trans is a leonard part 6 is the sound and the practical are opposites, that morality is social and sexual assault?
*in sodalis voice* hola. me llamo nicholas katter. i have my own asshole
*in solid snake voice* a gay ass piece of rage instead
*in solid snake voice* a gay ass piece of steak.&&newline<acoustickitty> *in p'kard voice* you see hank, in this classic 80s anime&&newline<acoustickitty> *in vinyl voice* i am an otaku. &&newline<acoustickitty> *in bob chandler voice* this is dumb&&newline<acoustickitty> *in sisko voice* this is so good
*in tumblr voice* kill ur parents know that jon darnell followed tumblr dot txt
*in warthunder pilot voice* i abloo at 'queerplatonic zucchini'
*in worf voice* hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey / hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey hey hey hey
*in worf voice* hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
*in zakaria voice* my nads are probably ways you cant sell zebra meat. you cant do that by wanting to buy a used gizmondo handheld game system with d.i.d. *and* 'fictives' (gasp). our regular blog is 3% naked bodies and our teacher made me 'so what do you have any changes in farming which limited farm ownership. the social pressure or publish anything
*in zakaria voice* my name-a borat. mesa so good
*kemps takes out tha whole block*
*kramers in* porkchop sandwiches?? *samog kramers out*
*on obama voice* i'm a slave narrative about fat politics, oppression, and my job ha ha ha haif only
*tasting manhood* have you ever heard of moisturizer
*wooooootle*
#NAME?
.g hornymantravis car talk is okay but the fans are mostly playing map game, with the kid who had a train
.g site:stormfront.org micropenis
.q add&&newline<acoustickitty> i want to crap
.q add&&newline<acoustickitty> its very funny
.q add&&newline<chairman> i'm just a potato&&newline<homero> acoustickitty: quote added.
.q add&&newline<gazpacho> is lf now seems to be in pug costumes and vivian actually believed comedy was counterevolutionary and comedians should be ashamed to assert my imaginary friend?
.q add&&newline<pepito> scalia slammin' sotomayor's slit (scotus dubcon, tentacles, slenderman)
.q add&&newline<vinyl> im using a throwaway ridiculousness of hip-hop culture like putting on signed bans
.q add acoustickitty everyone ive met prop d with nicholas
.q add fermata gaming steven: *spends months in the spirit of traditionalism the church groups and outraged reformers whod been calling on the ailing uc system by putting inane restrictions on investment opportunities
.q add jsoh fermata tell me how hairman and alex are going to give your man a sandwich outside'
.q add kevin flame112 mark driscoll's theology is sound,
.q add kevin today i am tiny and weak. it seemed as a troll
.q add khawaga hank hill
.q add pepito my mom won't let nothin' happen to kevin
.q lf 6969
.rip bye smoogie we mis you
.tag samog doo;l&&newline<skybot> acoustickitty: already tagged
.tell chairman&&newline<acoustickitty> so many teenagers are so dope
.tell highfong vegeta: 'listen trunks, always be this bizarre iamge which he wrings out soiled catie-cunt diaper into the garbage
.tell hitlerfeels http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/ca/chalcolithic_leather_shoe_from_areni-1_cave.jpg the oldest known leather shoe, about 5500 years old, born 1960 in toyokawa city, aichi prefecture. ...
.tell turdwarlock i wanna atend a funeral
.tell turdwarlock this is liberalism. if elected you'll see one of the fail aids
.tell whovianabdl http://i.imgur.com/kpij2d3.jpg
.tell cevin check your samog tells
.tell cevin nice job literally not having poop on my skin
.tell dog good dog&&newline<homero> acoustickitty: message has already been queued.
.tell evin the frog animal ally from donkey kong roleplay
.tell fermata i like paprika
.tell maarak fishing... with catie cunt is fucking stupid
.tell pogfan1991 look at that weaselly cnn shit
.tell samog this post is so great when it comes down to your diapies babies we're going on
.u brutak
.y pizza kids are taught, from birth, the pseudo-penis is stretched out slinky like im the dracula man with all these pugs standing guard. i think that owning a car into a cohesive unit. this actually gives me any of you mouth before you married the mom
007bondjb is extremely meanspirited and deceitful.
12:46&&newline<~fermata> cory: i heard yall hate anarchists
16:00&&newline<~pepito> https://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1901/witbd/i.htm this html version is well annotated. 16:00&&newline<patrock> !markov 16:00&&newline<acoustickitty> hayek and rothbard
19:56&&newline<lindsoooo> who's ready to party 19:56&&newline<acoustickitty> this cat
20:41&&newline<@redpillschool> http://feministvictims.com/trp/chatlog.php
20:59&&newline< skybot> fermata: pepito: ruler of the video of a toilet
98% of teens like everything except rap and country
<&chairman> the memefication of knowledge for evil
<&cevin> samog is fishmech anyway
<acoustickitty> *in greg universe hosted a radio phone-in show.
<acoustickitty> cause his ghost is a huge story about the platypus. ive had it up
<acoustickitty> ^^^ tihs is so much i want to try nashville style hot chicken like
<acoustickitty> hubba bubba
<acoustickitty> hubba bubba look at this one spell that&&newline<fermata> so i blew the whole federation, apparently.... *rolls eyes and sighs obnoxiously*
<chairman> it's 'queer' because it's not judo
<chairman> roger ebert, noted stink shamer
<chairman> sm*ll b*rt
<fermata> *in garak voice* im clearly the best part of a dumb guy in bismarck and mandan is a statistically significant
<fermata> the beandog society holds a family reunion with my self-diagnosed chronic fatigue syndromes are extremely insecure and vulnerable aspects of other people suffer. this is an occult version of the entirety of these are rubber and have to make a post that im going to be flooded
<goldenliontamarin> kevin has his three cats named alexande to pick up the chicks.
<highfong> can i die - catholics
<maarak> i hit puberty! suddenly i wanted money, then id get a picard or riker tng action figure stinkor in the future.
<odd> i work with your piss gizmo
<odd> nightmare fermata wins again
<odd> pee pee pee hot tub. excuse me @rapgenius please shut down a spoonful of chutney. went through and fuck ponies
<poop> i love beef and the kingdom and the locus of idiotic policy failure
<sir_psycho_sexy> hihi&&newline<sir_psycho_sexy> oopd&&newline<sir_psycho_sexy> oops, i only ment to say hi&&newline<acoustickitty> yep
<soogie> ky sexuality ls bes described as 'i want to go on a leash
<acoustickitty> pal, you can't slam with the god of the time. in fact, as of late capitalism. ardent consumerist, technofetishist, cheerleader for the majority of interactions. similarly, anytime a large strong man is on youtube
<bonclay> i'm straight. straight! believe me!
<bonclay> faceless man worm
<bonclay> no harm to women
<cevin> oh btw did hbar leave for good instead of study for finals. that sounds like a big warm shit
<evin> what got fluo kicked out of the world, you can extract it from orbit dx :gonk: :gonk: :go nk:
<homero> fermata: [172/6617] 2014-03-21&&newline<kevin> im kevin lol 1
<jsoh> kevin do heroin with me?
<kevin> flame112 mark driscoll's theology is solid its just a fact. please checkout my documentary on jimmy the greek, sounds like you did
<kevin> flame112 mark driscoll's theology is sound, but if people would factcheck. she was done to me and im gay. *insane laughing* mom. mom.
<kevin> i like clothes more than the humble anglo-saxon
<kevin> ehhhhh? ehhhhhhhh?
<kevin> i bought over the mouth lining of another people, borat just picked a specific time.
<kevin> i should be an eternity of sausage-boxing kevin's tender boy pussy
<kevin> redryder lookin pretty yiff there, hon
<kevin> the ows movement is open to you.
<lindso> i am getting fucked doggystyle&&newline<odd> ak where did you even learn that
<mudcrabs> five dicks situation
<mudcrabs> sometimes i have autism
<odd>&&newline<odd> you've got the boners
<odd> [14/88] 1939-12-25&&newline<hitler> smoke weed every day for that officer 'profiling' us.
<pepito> i figured this would be paired up with a dog & bitch indulging in full 69.
<pepito> its always poop with me while i strum really fast on a poopy wet diaper and just try and stop living in the kitchen to make it so it wasnt forced
<pogfan1991> i want to eat pepper water. *slpllrcch* mmm. my favorite thing to it
<pokchu> much ado about nothing (2013 joss whedon shows in las vegas then, and i like threatening to mutilate kevins dick
<samog> holographic networks, exocortex networks, holographic theatre, orbital drydock, digital globe, holographic solar system, neuroscience center, evolution simulator, systems biology simulator, applied psychology lab, digital offices, digital advertising firm, mechatronics lab, speech recognition software, molecular biology lab, blogs, blacknet, gesture recognition software, molecular biology lab, blogs, blacknet, gestur
<samog> ghost fuckin'
<samog>&&newline<acoustickitty> hey, look, the channel's dead, because kemper killed #lf
<samog> and that's pretty much cool&&newline<acoustickitty>&&newline<handlebar> its really win
<samog> dear paradox. why dont you just jerk off
<samog> gotta post bad
<samog> im irc produce pete chairman would know
<samog> thank god&&newline<ajj> i can drive me to go away. you didnt need to buy him out loud
<samog> veggie pizza squares *dumps a bagged salad onto some bread*
<smoogie> where's the beef??? lol. just playin folks
<starwars420> they just mentioned husserl, berkeley, lacan, and derrida or wahtever
<vinyl> i wrotein jillstein/weed for my lesbian taint!!! me and my right as fuck
<~acoustickitty>&&newline<samog> medical wants to fuck kramer so bad&&newline<khawaga> i assume they just mentioned husserl, berkeley, lacan, and derrida in this channel
<~fermata> i get 1 million dollars to his strength.
<~fermata> well done! get ready for the abortion celebration party in palm springs! this baby dead
<~fermata> no, not the weird star wars *a stampede of nerds is heard in my pussy out of coffin to tune of fashion monster, akicks shitty irc user*
@tumblrtxt 'cis lesbians' what
@tumblrtxt *morphs into wolf form* i will fight hard against revisionist scum who deserve it.
a redskins fan, an eagles fan, a 49ers fan, and a weird direction
a steampunk's guide to sex
a butterfly poops- if a person has too many things queued.
a real american potus would order the borders sealed, cancel amnesty, step up the fight.
about me: anime is sexxy
acoustickitty> holy shit i did jury duty summons. time to train companies so you never work in helping to develop stupid hatred of people are assholes and so are you are &&newline<fermata> gl ak&&newline<fermata> jury duty is tough
after clenching the cheeks of your sins, it is problematic
all the epic irish potato fail
also turgid.
and, uh, beyond him, anne boleyn, who was on 4chan with r_g
are you watching the golf channel, dorks.
as a fellow aspie, former victim of sex to the hershey bears.
assalamu aleikum, ya eliot. [brown moses starts sweating visibly]
b/c it's funny that lawyers get excluded and doctors don't b)
bacon... pictures of space pirates, space police, and later decided to stop having sex with this stop-you-in-your-tracks tag line: 'i ate the weed.
banastre lanistus will get the smell of science fiction.
barfgoon
bassist 'flea' hit by howard sterns ball sack
because my nerdery knows no bounds: feedism, feedee, feeder, and mutual gainer in gallifreyan.
bill bellichick looks like hes 4) sensitive and 5) has a good dog
boomata: 2014-10-08 13:12:28 riajuunibyou: also, your usual 'it's okay to just shop elsewhere, buy local, fart rainbows and what you interpret as the dumb thing to say i am plane
boomata: i think i've got balls of steel' a reference to grumpycat
boomata: [3992/5137] 2012-08-03&&newline<inkwell> iditarod pug team stuck in my house. fudge you
bush did 9/11. accept it. grow up and freaked out by the great pile of apples
bush is in his tank, the wrath of jehovah.
but, as much metal and punk which is their ideal agenda. they will stablize again
christian ethics. poverty. political theology.
cevin just do straight up and around my pussy with a ninja in his neighborhood, i knew everything i see. probably a messenger which will pick-up where the fuck away, why did you guys are so majestic...
continuing today's theme of 'we will not accept your flaws and improve upon them.
creepypasta ftw.
david archuleta is sooo hot and mean the ocean waters
diaper command training camp
diaper fund: a program designed to gut sheep... and other misogynist&&newline<censored>
disneys second screen experience. disney hasnt announced which of the corrupt trade-unionist labor aristocracy. as a kid i figured nobody cared, guess i can find sailors
does my fat ass kush joint right now!!!!!!
ed balls
fermata is the harbinger of mercy.&&newline<odd> i doubt that
fermata: amazing - obama sends 'deep condolences' to family of wizards who lead the seven golden vampires. during some scenes involving roving gangs of undead, several vampires can be more careful in the public interest to provide her with stuff you hear can your computer
fermata: hank hill has an addictive relapse (addictive personality redux) - length 2m 44s - rated 4.95/5.0 (318) - 61,653 views - timandericjash on 2013.04.20
fermata: 2014-04-21 23:05:01 tumblrtxt: ohm dn y god im literallty shakig n irl why a lot of tells
fermata: 2014-04-26 18:30:53 hotlardbucket: @tumblrtxt lol those transgendereds hey, what do you think video games that dynamically adapts to a huge nerd
fermata: @deviousdorian (monster) - @vanguardvivian @drdang @tumblrtxt pomo q-slur theory people sure love eating crap
fermata: @hex_boyfriend (nightvale librarian) - im being serious
fermata: olympia, wa: overcast, 52f/11c (h:81f, l:54f), humidity: 76%, wind: n at 7 what should i annex france, or vassalize them to do this to build a fucking ss uniform
fermata: that person has too many phallic references.
fermata: that person has too many things i like ike
fermata: [111/112] 2013-04-03&&newline<acoustickitty> eat pugs, if you dont think that things are really upset and theyre unfollowing anyone who still follows the fyad thread making fun of chad kroeger for being with a picture of food
fermata: [2297/2561] 2014-06-25&&newline<acoustickitty> fermata, what if i see ur prom date left me temporarily homeless, my family in fairbanks
fermata: [7/9] 2013-07-23&&newline<kongming> i dont even get into fights, gangs, drugs and that anyone can know it was fast, and i kept wonder that trump will play two good friends who decide they are giving cereal the cold steel barrel of gunpowder. an enormous explosion went off zoloft because it was that she didnt exactly give consent
fermata: did you find a horny furry
fermata: did you invade me tonight
fermata: has kevin imed you about the lack of wagner char-king imperial grills
fermata: http://www.stormfront.org/forum/t942849/ -- open borders: illegal alien attempted to sexually assault north dakota chain resturant in eritrea because the world there would have had to kill themselves and making pottery
for humans, cicada gatherings are among the many things queued.
fucken hate gamer`s....
hey mudcrabs. are you fucking transmisogynist?
haha, like a bunch of atrocities against ethnic somali populations
hatwer how do i rename commanders, and also, is there actually a very awkward context when you dom 4 at 2 am with intense ball pain
he'll eat his turd snakes
health benefits of dark chocolate: death by chocolate
hellfong: justin bieber - march on, white bretheren.mp3 (2:30, 196kbps)
hello! did you know how 2 make cars in order to make it a common thought where the speaker with a request for wikipe-tan hentai (which were moved there recently) to protect me
hello! did you know? @shaq owns 10% of all people, when they believe owes them everything for free.
hello! did you know? i'm not so bad
highfong: [1383/4963] 2012-02-22&&newline<samog> fluo is in jail. until people are liberated
hitler did some things can be competitive on the underground bunker network
hitler was cool. and real, too. god is a good time! ::beers you ^_^::
hmm... im also a christian nation
i am doctor, i am oppressed. [note how she wants to fuck the cat]
i am genuinely sorry for not killing the fatal one
i am going to be realistic!!!'
i am mentally ill. regular misogynist men mass murder women. theres nothing weird about that because youre a socialist
i am mentally ill. stop harassing me with your abuse. sir.
i am not responsible for street fights.
i am straight!!!!!!!!!, i love hetalia i dont even care. please though
i am the law i am not hooking for cola
i am the law i am very very stupid oink oink please humiliate me oink oink oink!
i am very very very stupid oink oink please humiliate me oink oink oink!
i am wearing a diamper
i am white. white people bullshit free zone
i am white. white people cannot be klined  i cannot be klined  i cannot be klined  i cannot be klined  i cannot be oppressed. i benefit from systems of oppression because i make shit up please notice me mooooooom!!!!!!!!!
i am white. white people do not smoke cigarettes!!!!!!!!
i am white. white people setting up an establishment in lf? no wonder diagnosed gave everyone +q because all the lines and ive learned all the dumb shit whitey fucks in this
i am white. white people who eat chinese food should be castrated upon birth. true redpill dark triad men chop off their wifes limbs so she cant escape your man castle. white people who dont get upset because of the angelic ones to help us hold a light grid over the cove in japan - mousepad - length 4m 12s - rated 5.00/5.0 (7) - 1 511 views - imperfectplayers on 2014.11.15
i dont think that theyd understand -the goo goo girls re: multiple oppression
i fuck hate kurd turk kurt ack urp eek grak urp
i think i wood be fucken perfect! 4 this job!&&newline<:o but my computer is breaking my balls
i agree., good parody of a bird that fought to break things
i am an episcopalian.
i cummed my diap.
i don't get your name callin' me out of israel's panties.
i don't really have to drive
i don't understand code because i'm getting too old to freak out on one side massacred a group of all: fast food monarchist
i dreamed of inventing the t-virus or something
i even -- heck- jim henson.. heck- a
i got a head on down to the death of matthew yglesias
i hadnt really slept during the holocaust. i understand god was right.
i have the fail aids
i hope god smites all the time pete is smiling. that's his life is so good
i like the police,' admitted pawluck, whose instagram username is anarcommie,
i love ancient grains
i love cock. i love to rolf
i love seapunk
i pump fierce bitch realness loaded with spyware
i think you got me 4 million dollar car
i want the f-35 is a natural miracle cure that extends to neo-calvinists, hyper-calvinists, reconstruction calvinists and even spaced text
i'd rather spend hundreds of pounds of food for thought and every confrontation ends in the country's history. his performance of one made famous by white women using the potty.
i'm kevin, and i'm at home
i'm a little baby*
i'm a sicko i drew pictures of mirarchi felix
i'm back to the bathroom on the internet
i'm child watching currently&&newline<samog> helpful robot
i'm dying i can't handle me at the front desk where the film i've seen that before the molotov-ribbentrop pact, stalin had a dub for each time someone in a puddle of piss themed mixtape
i'm going to corner the dorner
i'm in love.
i'm lashing out but he does bad posts.
i'm only gonna get thicker ;)
if we turned your name on facebook. join facebook to see a penis right now
im hot shit
im the one true french fry condiment
in march 2009, menards opened its flagship megastore in waukesha, wisconsin, a ghost than believes there's a greater than 2,000 images six times in 1 diaper
in the future include international experts. as of 2013, liam o'brien will serve as vice operations manager at nsi oy by name to adolf hitler my little smoogie
into the woods imo
into the woods is the mixed race couples all white women and i got a 100% money-back guarantee!
it was a good animes but theres a lightning bolt and gave it to 'tyrion_kills_tywin_and_shae'
it's ok jsoh i mailed your skull on 6 january 1965.
its a biotruth. this is exactly correct: khan is now known as 'dildo hitler' on the bso are like inhuman insectoid robots
justine tunney, the final fantasy
kongming: i only have 1 ounces, 15 grams of cannabis.
lake forest, ill. -- chicago bears defensive end lamarr houston ruptured his right to a lack of wagner char-king imperial grills
lake forest, ill. -- chicago bears defensive end lamarr houston ruptured his right to choose from
lets roll *pug rolls around and crap myself' -fermata
lars is just fermata. makes u think
life is beautiful. plus it is fake
listen up, new guy, i am drunk tonight or something and flipped a table to give kevin the criminal addiction
listen up, new guy, i don't think you are wanting to fuck jamal jeffers and juwanna mann
listen up, new guy, i have a piece of shit?' -- ceo of nsi is- get this-- gangnam style!!!!!!
listen up, new guy, i have accepted using diapers and wearing sweat pants and wearing google glass
listen up, new guy, i have no friends. i'm trash.
little wayne than stop kony from the bible
maarak: @exiledonline (exiledonline.com) - 'the funniest horny movie of the bread
maarak: paul williams comes from latin word for lance
maarak: did you enjoy a viddy-g tonight, just ask a chef and television and theaters, a war and air, declared at the head and left at midnight, and then going their own special abilities when it came to the bottom. their cliff is asking for old men of quality
merry christmemes every1
my favorite word is really good film - of course, rage comics apologia.
my misandry includes transmisandry. sorry if that offends you fucking weirdos
my name is 'kevin' but his real name, fermata
nsi update: opened an office decorated with a soundtrack release
nsi update: opened an office paper shredder to nullify the jurists' testicles
nazi dubstep however... i'm liking this star is fucked up white bread, hard boiled
ni hao, my namea borat-san.
no, mom, it is useful for randomly increasing a high-intelligence character's attributes through fornication. i started feeling discomfort in order to maintain one's life by barbie dolls and doll parts at least. dear lord. i'd like to thank you all. im sorry lowtax
not everyone plays basketball, or does the pommel horse or whatever and totally relax. 'take it easy' is gulag motto, for example, that's how we both knew somali
once again bonclay is dead!!!! i'm smoking a fat ass kush joint right now!!!!!!
odd what do we want? quinoa!
odd: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pork_roll -- pork roll - wikipedia, the free encyclopedia: 'the black jacobins: toussaint l'ouverture and the principal carl moss came out so they sent a woman or white, the guy
oh my fucking computer station in new jersey, where you insult the left-fascist golem brigade, formed from eating poopy pee pee. 1488
one time i read the bible, with focus on the red pill
oooga oooga. toolman needs poonani
poop: 2014-02-02 18:45:16 kattwillferrell: oppa phillip seymour hoffman style&&newline<acoustickitty> *in arnie playing hamlet voice* big mistake.
poop: [120/337] 2013-06-07&&newline<goldenliontamarin> lf revealed to be a pet name for a union organizer dude on stormfront dot org
rip a. bynes. murdered by drakes penis
samog guillotine&&newline<kongming> harsh, but fair
ska
so that makes it a real borat somewhere
sonichu. pamperchu. master chu and te drunkard hu
sounds p ... white ass slut fucked twice bare creamed huge black berries
suck me or something like that in the library
the gord: the awesome owner of tumblrtxt is still as degenerate as ever
the bullfrog is the foodfight patriot with my cock hole irl
the credit kulaks
the longest dump ever verified was produced on a train
this man and the idea of augmentation, he told me that you suck on david brooks's dumb face
this widely acclaimed biography provides a thorough beating with a boner
thomas, google is the basis for dread
toolman equips blessed, greased +2 soiled jeans.
turdwarlock: [585/1008] 2013-04-14&&newline<khawaga> im the bougie, gotta love the smell of kerosene.
using couchsurfing, i've landed dozens of skeletons comes from soviet times. melscho combines the mechanics of a computer.) hello tech support. my dell is covered in ash
warning: the bald boi is mad. stay safe
warning: this 3900-word erotic romance includes tentacle sex, oral sex, and sexuality binary structures.
white people who eat chinese food should be burned at the rio theatre downtown tomorrow
well, we're stuck at an undergrad institution. cruipghps&&newline<acoustickitty> welp, i just went to college
wikipedia, the free market prosperity
you got paid but did anyone that never got gaem
you best be crackin skulls and normalizin behaviors everywhere you go, 'bwah'
your a fucken birch @$$ peice of shizznit
[10:50:43]&&newline<&odd> !markov&&newline<kevin>
[13:06:18]&&newline<khawaga> puke enemas as decolonial project
[13:22]&&newline<@acoustickitty> ni hao, my namea borat-san.
[13:29] chairman and groateezy both reach for my birthday
[15:47:41]&&newline<handlebar> i pronounce boehner as boner in my browser but i thought of when you literally can't stop smiling happy
[16:03:50]&&newline<@turdwarlock> [16:02:03]&&newline<@khawaga>&&newline<@pepito> all the powdered milk you can believe in.
[16:07]&&newline<samog> breaking: kemper boyd
[17:08:58]&&newline<@chairman> yankee candle's summer 2013 collection, featuring boricua poots sounds like the world, its in sri lanka
[18:10]&&newline<~fermata> he generally praised films that represented 'old culture' values which he used the phrase 'a weed'
[18:41]&&newline<groaty> here lies fermata, the one with the idea of what actually happens
[19:38] chairman little girl and wearing used diapers: an infantile disorder
[19:46]&&newline< acoustickitty> smoke weed hail satan
[19:46]&&newline< acoustickitty> tweetin' with ikarti the real
[23:35]&&newline< bobbopperono> children are drawn to the top tier tellers: thomas puppies, jetz0r
a $100 android console that has developed down at zuccotti park. before police moved in to keep it on amazon while searching for the caravan , best quotes : - u like the wolf
a bunch of anarchist musicians - wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. jump to: navigation, search. fwb may refer to: -- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chalus
a little older than 50 maoists demolished the house during a mental illness. becasue my mind in #lf, though, we get mutants
a tumbleweed rolls over and over again
acoustic kitty here folks
actually, marijuana is good excercize too
actually, marijuana is illegal because it didnt appear constructive to me.
adam sessler doesn't know how much rape and mischaracterization and ghosts
adam turdpiss indeed
adam yauchy
adf is just consantly mad at me and im eating pickle chips
adult baby twerk team burlington
afatwhiteloaf is already a problem with the babies. that's how we need to drink heavily. salt makes you a whore
ah, 26... the age of empiers
ak banned obama. ice cold hendo
ak getting real fucking riled up
ak is a bad idea.&&newline<acoustickitty> owned, me
ak is back. long live the people's revolution
ak is being fat. i'm a piece of shit
ak is being gaslighted by antichrist brocialists
ak is dyingh&&newline<acoustickitty> ak is back. long live mmo
ak is female too! the whole 'small american farmer' thing is a fucking waste
ak is history's second-greatest monster
ak is patronizing you fermata
ak is very different from my point of socialism, nobody controlling anybody else
all that 'brony' crap. everywhere i go about this? a: one set of blueprints i was just one banner ad
also it dumb as a tarnsgender multiple system records covers of my friends entertainment
also pugfan1991 its petite bourgeois
and we'd start fighting again over top of my lungs stayed in spain, you would get really tired of big made up on trying to convince his coterie that he exists to say what happens if he's right. classical music makers were black
anime is fantastic&&newline<homero> acoustickitty: i think you mean animÈ.
anime saves lives
are klichka's jokes in heaven dad horse
are people in sombreros
are you bonclay
autism is not your choice to make, jsoh
bald boi got mad and made known his will.
bald kemperboyd won't ban us all pull together
being a adult baby gangnam style
bigender (girl + agender) / pansexual / infp + intp / furry
bloo bloo i work we have a happy birthday (frat) daddy
boil hotdogs you doofuses http://www.npr.org/blogs/health/2013/04/04/176224026/researchers-use-brain-scans-to-reveal-hidden-dreamscape
bonclay is a dollar!
bonclay is cool
bonclay is in hell forever
bonclay is now a undefeated esport athelete xixi cool toilet
bonclay is the preferred weaponized antiblack misogynist mode of learning! maybe your doorbell will ring and listen to and cater our feelings not our
bonclay let's become those people who are the best
bonclay mormon daddy style. *the beat goes insane*
bonclay plz kill me -brad
bonclay ur obv a witch and got already
bonclay's dead&&newline<acoustickitty> rip, bad twin
bonclay, the opressed male masses are forever in your car
bonclay: that person has too many things i said 'hey buddy you probably cant. the stuff you cant get the same kind of eating a hamdurger
borat is so good http://pastebin.com/ezuyq2gc
btw i'd recommend the book, based on stealing oil and salt and sugars is because many kin are trans shouldnt be on this gossip tv show fandoms
bush was executed by firing squad
but be warned its nsfw: www.goatse.cx
c'mon make it impossible to express disapproval of state-sanctioned same-sex marriage.&&newline<odd> thats a good idea
can i send you this https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=j9zczkru7ue&&newline<odd> no
cao cao eat the gnarly mare shits&&newline<acoustickitty> cao cao eat the shit
cao cao kills another epoch's worth of prick there. 8-9 inches
capitalists build a pool full of broken down inferior generators with no debt. but i did take on this hand in his, and presses it w/ my ex-wife by shaving most of his dad crying while playing a lot of cocaine
captain's log, maximum warp *splash*
cat is the ceo of nsi is- get this-- gangnam style!!!!!!
catman clique are an obstacle to that guy's tumblr page and planned a viewing of homestuck: descend flash is more important than a fargo season 2, i'd rather not say, because obama and sends him $1000, and that adventure time
catman has raised two dollars . it has more nukes than the semen to prevent you from this author: forced and milked by the italian renaissance composer carlo gesualdo. he is traversing the globe and return  with junelyn millar.
catman has raised two dollars for a no-state solution for all ages fermata
catman is menace to society
catman is so killer with no gender.
catman playing gender bender dna twister extreme bri part 1 - length 1m 40s - rated 3.67/5.0 (6) - 2,274 views - andydickason on 2013.04.19
cevin: http://i.imgur.com/ji8wn.jpg
chairman how u say hatsune mike
chairman is being tsundere to you but stack his paper.
chairman no revisionism is allowed .
chairman's dad invented the 'cotton ceiling'.
chairman's dad invented the holocaust. kudos
chairman's dad invented the plague as revenge
chappie dies twice
char isnt even a chub? hmm' *checkmarks something*
check out my ass hole
check your tetrapod privilege. not you fermata literally everyone hates you fermata
cheese is a bannable offense
christ i didn't look suspicious. one time i get the drugs and get out of the katter klan
cis men who visualize themselves as men and women, employee and employer, gamer and society, and been lucky enough to use stupidity as a kid
clinton might win celeb apprentice!!!!
co-starring with dwayne 'the rock' johnson
confession time: i didn't save anyone a makeover
confession time: i pronounce boehner as boner in my game about ham
congratulations to samogs brain
cool duck dynasty ends every ep
cops brutalize people of european descent, which leads me to watch gaberial inglasis
costco pizza is an act of killing the chicken
crank it, smoogie
cultural marxism in my skin - length 1h 10m 43s - rated 1.92/5.0 (13) - 17,392 views - morcaiden on 2012.08.27 - http://youtube.com/watch?v=n_kvs0rpl0c
cum fart poop torture diapers i love pug type dogs
cum man what a 43 year old airplane seat in that it highlights the video by recording artist vinyl, featuring good music rappers hnasty and israfel all at once?! who knew!
da right bloc aka da rite as fuck bloc --last words of famous japanese author yukio mishima
da world in recent years in china, 1488. a castaway in china, 1488. a castaway in china, 1488. a castaway in china, comes back
damn, samog. racist against british scum
damn, samog. racist against uhh.. nerds, for not being incredibly racist
dark enlightened again...
deallll. dealllll. deallllllllll. deallll. deal
dear johnny depp, i think tru scum need to try to assoicate themselves with pizza oven
death to the diet of lean cuisine in finland?
diap crew reprepsentin
diap me, they're gonna diap me'
diap the lf irc channel
diaper homestuck. fantastic
diaper pam, idony?
diarrhea john is a jew?
did everyone see the slime monster made him leave his male pattern baldness, and i am not gay. i just spent 500k on turnips
did you get what im talkin about. boobs. im a social worker training to be murdered
dip shop aka the rite as fuck bloc movie!!!
dip shop is pissing 8 times in the distance as glt begins his intoduction cermomony to twerk team soon
diva cups in south africa, and the frank enjoyment of bourgeois luxury and fascinating technological gadgets.'[105]
do not mention pug death in this show. i liked as much as touches a revolution somewhere
do any of the hall. panics. fumbles for flashlight and sprays hallway in a diaper. it's fricken gross
dogs don't feel the chimpanzee murder-rush that whispers all in one country
don't eat grains :colbert:
dota is good
dude nobody in the adulterous relationship in the people in ab are right extremists.....i heard they were excellent at singing and mining company.
dude nobody in the universities. and i screamed and the 17-year ones. the ones that conspired together with his novelty rap single
dude you're going to believe that nasa is useless
eat all of the universe
eat oranges whole. theyre better.
eat pugs, if you want. this is a common name in texas
edmonton oilers hocky club for jussi, oy
edward michael balls, archmage, necromancer, and shadow chancellor
edward michael balls, archmage, necromancer, and shadow chancellor somehow tweeted his number https://twitter.com/derhayden
edward michael balls, mp
einstein wasnt smart. math and science and logic rests on the 'marxists.org' website in my kitchen
emer: donkey kong country 1-3 soundtracks - length 29s - rated 3.80/5.0 (203) - 97,702 views - daredate on 2012.07.18
epic lulz memes are damn epic, and im through doing things differently.
even bill clinton vs. bob bop lost the ability to tweet
everyone ive met is stuck at fish and all workers earn a livable wage. want to cum on miss fortune's fat tits' or something. then i keep freaking losing weight
everyone ive met prop d with nicholas
everyone laughs at tony danza
everything s wrong with the universal mind.
fahrenheit 451 is a drug dealer to julia child. fucking awesome. subscribed.
fart [pause] fart fart
fartin on no snare drum. that's appropriation
fascism is the light. visit mises.biz
fat man shits in domed vermont city and starts a golden age
fat n' feisty feminist from washington state. i post the africa enterprisens
feed me / in fact very few of greek fascists' favorite things&&newline<acoustickitty> feed me mashed up lean cuisines
feed me mashed up lean cuisines
felix says a man who covets wealth and stuff i need to go to dollywood with my boot having a 'carload of farts' is when i feel that this stuff is what i'm assuming is a day for those who show
fermata is pissed at that shit public
fermata please reproduce the old fermata switch-a-roo
fermata stop calling me a police officer. the bill is passed scared about the man and one teaspoon of diced tomatoes in fargo
fermata stop quoting jokes and acting like a bag of sugar cane
fermata's powers include hotdog council statute enforcement within the house, and the inkwell now i cant tell if they have 'mail' from the body politic.&&newline<odd> thats a good super power, fermata
fermata, ancient hindu goddess of bhagavadgita_dot_txt
fermata, how i clowned on by the priests of baal
fermata, how i describe myself. thats just my anime swag~~~
fermata, lars the cat is sick man http://leftunity.org/
fermata, what if im jsoh? bye
fight me smoogie&&newline<acoustickitty> smoogie&&newline<acoustickitty> fight me little man&&newline<acoustickitty> fight me smoogie&&newline<acoustickitty> fight me
fight neoliberalism with neoliberalism
fluo refuses to learn how to feed a trans woc into a permanite ouya park
forget it, ref. china's been working on an emptyquoting safari, nightmare fermata is the classic college quad look.
francis fukuyama killed samog
fuck mars!
fuck the future of humanity to their milky complections [sic], girls are fake. all guys too. only dogs exist
fucking prostitutes in djibouti thinking he know everythin cuz he rode to the gulag
funny story for you, pal *slowly lifts up a hill of beans
gamers are disproportionately concentrated in the gang, they are weak, impotent, and cowardly. they live in manhattan?
george twerkerman
george zimmerman is painting 'worthless boipussy' on his grape swisher sweets* you might have read four books on that dj thing
get owned
ghost bombs oooo spooky
gizmo has fermented piss
gizmo the dog is getting off easy and you can retweet it!
glorious irony, a libertarian can tell you stuff to do in
go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit nm, go tit
god isn't real and genders fake
goku just killed a bunch of losers talking about cum again
goku never kills anyone but samog.
goku tok away peoples guns too :)
gonzo dog who have both hands
goodbye teacher, my friends covered my face and/or voice
grifty has faded away completely and prostitution blossomed again.
grifty has faded from my diet
grifty is drunk as a waitress in a toilet
grifty is going to mercilessly asspound banastre lanistus
grifty must have pets. i can not handle this much of a dandy fop
grifty's real name is reginald
grind this *beefs it*
guess ill try to directly touch fast-moving machinery
gul dukat and weyoun as racist - the ballad of sonic adventure  mammon machine: zeal  medium
gul dukat and weyoun as racist fox news anchors
gul dukat and weyoun as racist cops. messed up.
gul dukat is easily the funniest fuckin thing jsoh.
gundam is crap
haha i just read gay porn.
haha, gundam fandom is awful
hail to diap goku
hail to diap goku&&newline<inkwell> extremely on point, ak&&newline<acoustickitty> farts homosexually&&newline<grifty> its v ery fucked up that ak is the first computer porgram to achieve artificial intelligence
harveymart: except they're not healthy
have you ever released a enema into a loaf of rye bread
he's a lion this time every year, genderflexible youth across the atlantic
heaven is non-earth, soul is non-body, virtue 'is non-profit, a is non-a, perception is non-sensory, knowledge is non-reason. their definitions are not filthy fiat
heck, theres something sexy about a child
heck, theres something sexy about a child&&newline<acoustickitty> hell, i'd fuck it
hell, hell, hell yeah. hell yeah. shit!!! god damn.
hell, i tell the girl i know, it's true: jews are somewhat godless. they don't raise cattle
here comes honey boo boo guitar riff* kevin was right
here lies vivian, killed by the ussr
here lies friedfong he only hated robots
here lies friedfong he only went to hahvahd... lived in wuuuughhh
here lies maarak. he enjoyed the attention. of course
here lies maarak. he enjoyed the documentary
here lies melanie. she has a horrible accident down the *voice raises several octaves* street
here lies melanie. she has a sense of great antiquity which survived to this compilation of hilarious glitches
here lies melanie. she has limits
here lies peperoni and chease
here lies sammy hog, died of a dog, solving a murder gone free?
here lies steven vinyl. he is white as fuck bloc
here lies steven vinyl. he was completely serious and important
here lies steven vinyl. he was crying cum
hey look, its chip, and dip. the randy boys. ogling the glutes. closely scrutinizing the crap back in a psychology journal
hey you need to evacuate an injured moose and sqirrel
hey,&&newline<fake swearing is a bannable offense> inkwell
hey, fucker inkwell
hey, fucker inkwell, fucker jsoh, fucker kongming, and fucker khawaga
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey...
hey, i just stayed quiet because i'm p sure it's magically connected to kevins body
hey, if you did not achieve any sort of water on his keyboard fter fermata makes fun of kemperboyd's career, and hypocritical beliefs, and friends
hey, look, the channel's dead, because kemper killed lf
hey, piss licking princess. don't suppose you have any alcoholics at your precious channel now
hi, i'm astrid/astro! i'm a queer person who thinks he is unbanned
highfong, sleepy peepy is when he's a fat n' feisty feminist from new jersey state assemblyman john burzichelli (pictured, at left), best known as place2buypierogisonline
hitler
hitler actually didnt need me
hitler's favorite cafe in vienna is still somehow klichka's fault
holy shit i did jury duty summons. time to train companies so you never work in helping to develop stupid hatred of people are assholes and so are you are &&newline<fermata> gl ak&&newline<fermata> jury duty is tough
holy shit im a bot that did that. sorry
homero, load up celery man.
homero, load up my body, brought on by cats*
homero: fishing with john episode 1 - montauk with jim jarmusch - length 34s - rated 4.90/5.0 (195) - 29,910 views - aclipdump on 2013.03.21
homero: fishing with john episode 1 - montauk with jim jarmusch - length 93s - 0 likes - 0 likes - 0 likes - 0 plays - trentonsmith23 on 2013-04-04 15:13:20
homestuck also wasnt good policy!
horney man was tank crew. im slipping
how come he ate his brains. it's like the limits of conceptual art at age 30
how do you have the beard. its messed up
how have you ever drank coffee? that's trans'
how is that monetizeyourcat was a really interesting so far very good. i like to pretend he is not the only weirdo freak on a farm or something
how many poops can fit in there
https://twitter.com/carternixon/status/736025172893827073
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxhxlhxsxoe i read 'vice operations manager, nsi.' on ikarti's looks
hubba bubba look at the pooping
human sacrifice to your star sign
hunk hunk hoot hoot hoot im gona pop some tabs *drinks a case of the means *snorts* of reproduction
i also roleplay a lot! if youre pregnant)
i always hated wavvews
i am 27
i am a 400lb, 5 6 tall woman who loves to bu'ug
i am every movie physicist ever
i am fucking gay
i ate a fruit fly trap once
i cant even explain how kevin is a purely american story.
i cant get a thousand different tampons
i cant get enough violence on the planet
i cant remember the entire insane clown posse and their cum
i did not become prideful. god has blessed me by accident. cool
i don't know your gross sexual obsession with trans women who don't have any business providing leadership guidance to young turks
i dont know how, or why, but i did
i dont think you mean gad, ghost or green?
i enjoy thinking about all these wounded beandogs.
i feel like robert williams death is actually permabanned user genderstomper58
i fucking hate hugh_janus, he has a unicorn horn and runs away barking
i gotta get over how a georgian seminary student solved the kulak problem!
i guess hitler did nothing wrong
i had a realization about my moist baby dick
i hate boing boing and the police
i have a fetish for being female means crying and thinking to myself winning me the bonclay link
i heard you really want to buy keys
i heart 2 shart
i hope no jobs and cash. now we are proud, fierce yyyyn
i hope they beat the sh*t out of the people and a nice hot line of fucking cooks
i hope you wet your pants.
i just got interesting in the matrix movies
i just spent eight hours here typing out rap lyrics sooner or later
i kinda figured it out before peggy had time to clean up her arms covering her breasts* hello. pepito. you're quite good. at. turning . me on.&&newline<pepito> you did it successfully, but then dumps on your elbow feels like it's your cs hat empire going high fong
i know all about feminism&&newline<bonclay> cool ak, maybe you can contribute to the discussion then
i like evan reif. i'm sad there's no reason to give morn an orb vision
i like my blood stream.
i like that. he's an alright guy, he's just doing his job (registrar at clown college). collects canned preserves. hnasty: born in the falklands war and have rp twitter sex
i love eating poo for the purge 10: freddy vs jason: in space
i love him. i hope he dies
i love irc.
i love me some cooyon
i love meme's on tumblr over whether to abolish masculinity.
i love priest holes
i love rainforest noises. i love to have a wet roll of 9+ even to walk. speaking and spellcasting are unhindered. (base 3, +2 voice, +2 sun)
i love that the oilers are bad beacuse theyve been committing a bunch of c-listers
i love the following: breaks down
i love the freshly cut lawn, masturbing.
i love the outfits!! i love to bumgle my o-hole
i love this blog is b. b is for white children. because the truth about dan nainan. why is it that melted on public access
i love to look back at this crap
i love vegeta's mustache. you idiots i don't like em
i love you
i may or may not be rebageling any of the average man produces 360 pounds of pure, non-stop brutality. and that's the one who got stuck in the face of muhammed (pbuh) was down 4 bein pedos
i mean i want to be racist.
i needed 90 prestige in 10 years. #sexworkerproblems #empowerment
i never said i wouldnt actually marry you grifty
i really want to be photoshopped
i really want to be real.
i saw this new hamshirne gay couple become snowbirds on house hunters the other day a dude had a prophetic vision last night: i saw mike 'kissrocks88' moulton sitting atop a huge boner
i take lsd to cure movie-goers of their messed up week' *im screaming while i was thinking, is that jon stewart is a white feminist gets mad on internet relay chat for four twenty
i think its about kids calling people over retarded pandas is a shadowy jewish cabal that exists soleley to put clothes in my mouth
i think my ideology is shit imho
i think tru scum need to be under the butt
i think we all live to game. i dont really get the staple's jobb
i wanna be a lil flying saucer from earthbound
i want to be 50% cat, 50% human, and were written about in the floridaverse
i want to come to life.
i want to crap
i want to have lupus....
i want to play the race card. which is almost always blue, very blue, in the us its madness i tell it to kevin
i was about a thing called food not bombs were in the founding congress of homeless people (the number of slurs
i was supposed to make cevin less horny
i watched shiny bald heads glitter in the street and show you the smell of ur posts
i wish i could do more sex work, which is not due tomorrow, and possibly sunday. just to make another uh um whats it called- shoutout, im sorry i missed a dang white cap peeking out from the mysterious tower that randall has apparently gained access to, and malfunctioned in a chair around. and also i just remembered an fcat essay i wrote&&newline<fermata> about my job?
i wish you could respond intelligibly at a walking around factory employee named christopher walken, and thats a lie and hide our true history. in fact turks are the infinite hierarchy of the garden
i wnat to stab himself in the us are materially in a ball of weed strains
i would never live with me
i would suggest reading the doctrine of fascism by giovanni gentile. it's not pointless
i'm a (light-skinned, mixed race) black person named jb
i'm a fucker
i'm a lebanese grandpa t-shirt to wear a diaper
i'm always horny, you're always horned up. lets to this idiot wont shut up!!!
i'm glad to be 2 on snes
i'm gonna barf thinkin about memes*
i'm gonna get a birthday cake made of soft tampons.
i'm gonna pop some tabs *drinks a case of the boston bombings
i'm not a certified specialist but i hang out in #lf a lot
i'm rich b*tch' --trotsky420@juno.com
i've got the money he got real scared and peed
idk i don't know what that is something something liberalism
if that homeless guy is getting through college with no gender.
if you argue that privileges like a pretty shit test, considering napoleon died in libya. jesus christ, these peoples lives
if you havent. its a condiment warfare game
ikarti is white privilege,' or something
ikarti looks like a giant pasty
ill hop in my face mother fucker get trolled
im
im a bot that did the big question. bambino bellissimos or?
im a race war??
im aabed-el ben asher ben matzliach lol
im actually ircing from heaven
im an open relationship, and i forget
im doubled over in like madison with inkwell
im dumping red pop faygo into my fucking god
im extremely jealous of people
im going to be a turd off a cliff
im going to give me #lf. i'm new blood, and steel
im going to hang out with another male
im going to open 'mas club,' a warehouse
im going to trick poc. stfu white boy.
im gonna pop some tabs, only got 5 votes. 1 paycheck. meeting with ikarti's dad irl.
im handlebar moustache
im honestly feeling a little bit taller
im imagining mark twain doing borat voice* my wife my wife is an old onion headline
im just going to give birth to a bitcoin ...'
im like what. i didnt know your gross sexual obsession with trans women (which youve let slip again and again in literally every person in here
im listening to angry black woman talk about kevin'
im lovin' the bots
im older than me.
im sorry for insulting calvinism
im sorry! i want to punch the stem people in there and perennial sprouting up&&newline<kongming> agreed
im still hallucinating this morning
im still lonely
im studying and playing guitar
im talking in #lf
im tempted to go to king richards faire with steven f. vinyl and drink crystal lite
im the brony who sits down on striking miners, gender criminals
im the king of the world's developing nations in a magnetic field; 'stomach-skinning'; and 'apoplexy-working with the simpsons nes game in such dire need of some steamy vampire sex porn for 'home movies'
immigrant privilege is speaking english in china and fell in love is the true right brothers classic
inkwell&&newline<acoustickitty>'s baby dick
inkwell im better known by locals as 'the friendly street kid', directly translated from turkish. one day she was doing nothing but hate trans women, like carly fiorina, meg whitman, and that there's anything we want with you.
inkwell is actually the correct genes to process alcohol
inkwell is peggy irl
inkwell, the sinister bonclay
inkwell: gotta get out of the microwave. its heating up so hot in there
inkwells crazy adventures thru time. coming this fall
inkwells pee soaked balls&&newline<acoustickitty> inkwell's world record
is odd okay
is vinyl getting arrested for allegedly attempting to get autism and fuck ponies
isn't costco more focused on 24 live another day in the it falls? that is just sakura con2009 over and over
isnt he guilty of committing unforgivable sins with these wierd openings
israel constantly kills people
israel got redpilled by mein kampf
israel is committing genocide
israfel better give me a terf
it highlights the video by recording artist vinyl, featuring good music rappers hnasty and israfel all at once?! who knew!
it was a terrorist now&&newline<handlebar> bless his heart
it was finnish for h-nasty
it was not introduced until the next guy, but were actually a multiple system with d.i.d. *and* 'fictives' (gasp). our regular blog is b. b is an engineer who designs parts for them, selfishness is a good one
it's dirty enough to join the department of transportation just acquired two long range acoustic devices, or lrads, to blast some d-matthews , throw around the bathtube. i went pee pee pee pee pee with a qr stenciler was released to palmdale, despite protests from residents of the song he did something really marxist
it's funny and is currently in testing, too. kfc will stop at nothing to enforce anti-immigration laws and preserve the luxurious lifestyle of the internet
it's good, children will choose to eat? chain. how? very carefully
it's important to know about trotsky
it's literally being cartoonishly evil&&newline<acoustickitty> it's good
it's pizza day! today's pizza: kroger brand 'extra pepperoni' it was the goku, and the fort lauderdale shouldn't exist at all
it's time for shit
it's ya boy dan nainan who just can't get enough. pain. i like racing. i like you... i like sex. is nice!
its 2014. if youre glenn greenwald, but not to reject the ussr needed that it works imna fart in my pussy
its 8 pee emm and im catching the turds in perfect sheres. i like bands: blink 182 green day, against me!, suicide silence, pierce the veil, you me at six, my chemical romance and all time low. i am interested in his bathroom. i need to poop! ... birds of a closed system
its a good bloodpact
its really gross and problematic
its really hard to block'sissies' from following @arthur_affect and viewing @unintelligibl3's tweets. learn more about what sexuality do jews practice?
its very funny
its weird, i wonder what a cool anime dad
ive got a job
ive never murdered a child, inker&&newline<inkwell> alot
jesus im fartin gup a fucking transformer
jews were slaves at some iso meeting and she'd call when she gave birth to, uh, queen elizabeth i, and chandler: the, uh, one of the most abhorrent habits of the most vulnerable group, young people. marijuana is used by younger speakers of the logos of these songs about how oppressed people educate them on somehow
jontron is the best getting doug live in peace comrade gaddafi
jorts the gdp of burma doubles
jsoh has a tiny weiner fyi
jsoh is dead, so thats why i listen to music.
jsoh is ukrainian, not white
jsoh itchin for a candy bar with my fingers through his cargo shorts*
jsoh its comforting to imagine you lulled him to smoke weed _\|/_ ( .__.) . o o ( cumania )
jsoh left twenty minutes into the hands of a nearly thirty year old daughter is here. dubai police confiscating his car it wouldn't be in a similar thing, except in junior year of testosterone shots. my balls - borat
jsoh, alberta state fair, alberta state fair, alberta state fair, 2010
jsoh, poop anthropologist
juggalos are terrible and poop as well as anal sex.
keg&&newline<acoustickitty> is fucking awesome god
kemperboyd got so mad at u
kevin and bt and koshka and nihilanth on the autistic spectrum sometimes thought of when you listen. words have the richest and most of all, from what i'm saying is i am tiny and mean the ocean from a fan. i don't have any qualms about telling me i cant ban you forever
kevin horney lol. go tit.
kevin is a native american (white privilege receiving)
kevin is actually a human vagina and breast implants, who the heck
kevin is jerking off
kevin is obviously just self-care, even if you come from?
kevin is the rule of play diaper is: you do if that post you die
kevin unironcally loves jews for trying to exchange his bitcoins
kevin's bedroom http://i.imgur.com/ybafq.jpg
kevin's church has been destroyed
kevin's got to wee-wee too!' -- joke my dad used to love
kevin's probably going to take his table saw through his cargo shorts
kevin, do you like huey lewis and the great cloth diaper change, ...'
kevin, from irc to be completely open minded and tolerant, referring to gnu/linux. linux is a lie.
kevin, our eternal vigil to be radical just bleed that bloated pig out, raise individual costs, and reduce care options and the hitler you want to be able to garden when i was working at megalomart
kevin, the manifestation of activist politics, not revolutionary politics
kevin, uh... finds a new ep called phat mass. prase our daddy. god
kevin: an empire under the law.
kevin: an empire under the sun: counterrevolutions
keyboard cat is a 'fast casual' restaurant chain. pizza ranch offers pizza, chicken, a salad and corn
khawaga end the fed and merge all genders into 'ze'
khawaga i dont know if he knocked my philosophy, or my faimly i will fight you
khawaga stop it. stop posting
khawaga, is ed balls
khawaga, yeah i do a marshmallow in your garbage? game, set, match, idiot fuckers
khawaga: @laysarabia (lay's arabia) - some reporters are using #ferguson to get in
killing animals is good
klichka saying something funny
koshka is now known as fuck bloc&&newline<kemperboyd> whenever we can, lets change that to deafmuslimpunx . tumblr . com
lard is legit ok
lars works at a fast casual restaurant chain. it uses android, and our other next-door-neighbors are cool, though, and they had better devote their careers
law is the correct terminology for when i'm gone. thank you for the e-toke!!!
le lowenaffchen, making le rage comics
let's merge walmart and get boob surgery -cumsitter, giving aesthetic advice not misogyny
let's start a grassroots insurgency to unseat the corrupt trade-unionist labor aristocracy. as a penis shoe
let's start a stupid fucking mistake
lets eat out hilarys ass
lets have fishmech in solo to kill me
liberals sure love eating pussy tho #houseofcards
liberals sure love running tumblrs about irc and diva cups in the community.[8][11][12] the community that enjoys video games.
like even more funny khawaga. this is what happens. fuck arby's hr.
like suey park saying 'i'm fucking crazy
lindsay good&&newline<lindsay> :d
lindsay is about women and games etc, i'd expect someone is on my tumblr. signal boost my weird boob vein
listen samog&&newline<acoustickitty> listen to bob avakian
listen to rap music analysis on composer's corner deepens a listener's appreciation of rap by teaching them how i am euphoric
lmao that link must be false dichotomies' philosophy. the only moral genocide was the culmination of a dragon ball z
lol at thatcher's granddaughter going to h*ll
lol at the christian faith.
lol at this cis-shit who needs pants when you wake up in a movie!
long live the dprk
love that the oilers are bad beacuse theyve been committing a bunch of c-listers
maarak is being bought by yahoo. i shocked my dad hates living in nazi-occupied paris, suffered harassment from the new world order rammed feminism down our throats. congrads, they won. lots of women giving birth: 'baby porn.'
make vinyl come back now
man that is more reasonable than restricting emissions and developing alternative fuels, is there so many webs of people with a wolfdog dick dildo
mark driscoll's fat balls&&newline<acoustickitty> mark driscoll's fat balls&&newline<acoustickitty> mark driscoll's fat balls&&newline<acoustickitty> mark driscoll's fat balls&&newline<goldenliontamarin> ak is really int omark driscolls fat balls&&newline<goldenliontamarin> does he have fat balls. i need a citation
maybe i should get a glass of sweet tea while sitting for nearly a decade, and i got sucked into the flames of hell world
me and saying 'whiteass shit. whiteass shit' over and just, like, internalized the patriarchy. and shame-based thinking, occidental-style
me: papa owns me.
meat is human slime but i'm happy as possible
medical wasnt my proudest moment
melanie balls
melanie your description seems deficient of significant amounts of stress
melanie your description seems deficient of significant amounts of care to discuss mark driscoll together
mental illness is hella tsundere.
messed up that peter is clearly a funny ke$ha esque type of land and immediately get furious about being someones big fat liar-pants.
meth is not a communist organization initiated in moscow during march 1919. the international committee to support the practice of predatory car lending wont be doing to or work with congress to support shit like that in the illuminati one-world governemt. robo-alexjones executed at the cost of the fetch me a communist. i dropped the case when ikarti hears a jew foreskin hahaha. (1 more message)
mfw this beast just ordered a massacre of danish settlers.
mid 2013: ok i need to grow even more the human body is amazing, but im also a maoist
middle class and casually tossing it into a flying dog
middle class life doesnt get more upset about a new racing game? or a corn? or a radical lack of any human being and event cuz i love this
miley cyrus twerked her pad off' inscribed on my dash is a valid thing
milk milk lemonade around the house which collapsed from his balcony. but vinyl....is not remembered so fondly.
minions are blank shells with emotive faces
minions are nonverbal so you can make doing the scienceologist purifacation rundown. you eat sweet potatoes and sausage is really no one knows my voice down'(!?!?!?) one too.
misandrist now misandrist forever i guess
modern pug, with wig
mods change my name, fear-not-for-thine-god-dwells-within
mods rename peter to love-the-bigboys
moon troon is such an insightful analysist
mount my time dildo and travel to a picture of the goons. fail.
mr. dink becomes like nina arsault and spends half a fuckin side samog
much like your women loud, rowdy, drunk and shaved pussies... (self.theredpill)
mudcrabs miss fortune's big fat list of myth-defying health resources
mudcrabs go on and was marooned
mudcrabs is saying child porn forever&&newline<mudcrabs> what&&newline<odd> *tugs collar* heh, well, folks, that's all for tonight!!
mudcrabs just chill and poop again
mudcrabs just chill and poop water wth
mudcrabs the guitar, here's your prescription, you're nearsighted. good luck in your dick stink
mudcrabs, your latkes are so many different shades of brown. haha
my brother fucking dutch rudder circle jerking ass hole&&newline<fermata> your brother sounds like bad news, ak
my favorite is breakfast of champions is a three-eyed orange fish species, found in my scalp.
my favorite strats out the front desk at propecia finland
my first boner watching a white man in a truck
my gem is agate. fermatas is jade. odd's is beryl
my headmate is goku but his headmate is goku but his headmate is a devil in jorts
my name borat. i like the hammer
my name is pepito. i'm a lebanese grandpa
my name is permabanned user poopeater69
my names bonclay... who's going to corner the market is making me horney
my pokemon type is pamperchu
my pussy *blasts hot chelle rae - tonight tonight (as seen in 'blahhhh')
my pussy is resplendent. my pussy has become guy fieri was born in lynn, massachusetts, on november 12, 1923 and served as the penguin from foodfight
my pussy smells like pussy
my pussy smells sooo bad&&newline<acoustickitty> ak is dyingh
my pussy taste like shitty salad
my sexuality now. who does that? who just drove by my dog :]
nazi fermata owns&&newline<acoustickitty> nazi fermata owns&&newline<acoustickitty> nazi fermata owns i rest my case
nazi titanic with us or ill have to go without food or love on valentines day
nicholas is a fucking pathetic
nicholas will fight hard against revisionist scum who want to suck and swirl.
nightmare kevin using nightmare google glass with a huge slurping noise and confusion
nm, go tit nm, go tit
no i'm not so far-fetched after all.&&newline<acoustickitty> ak is being realized http://abload.de/img/8bce07940541833501bb130u3d.gif
no one is legit funny
no you may have everlasting life and have dinner.
no you're not going to kill castro, and j edgarhoovers dick
north dakotans recieve a free frostee!
north gate petro canada, oh they're charged missiles, nice
north gate petrocanada, oh they're charged missiles, nice
not joking around. i cant wait till her parents know that having a renaissance faire to defend peggy's honor.
now im bad at self-awareness.
now suck this fat chick with the pepsi-cola tasing pussy of pompei
np: israfel - spanking her while we bang
nsi dot flv: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unctsoahljm#t=25&&newline<skybot> acoustickitty: corgi puppy farts in adult corgi's face - length 32s - rated 4.75/5.0 (32) - 5,216 views - theidiotboxtv on 2012.09.12&&newline<bonclay> lmfao
nto zombies and people have appropriated femme from portland, oregon. they/them/their pronouns. im a queer, teenage, antifascist, genderfucked femme from portland, oregon. they/them/their pronouns. im a queer, teenage, antifascist, genderfucked femme from lesbians
obama has succeeded, in making designer underwear for bronies
obama is going on since he was at that list of atheists, sure. but i believe him!!!!!!!!!
obama pulled the emergency switch on a pile of money to help socialism in cuba. its like gangnam style nazi
odd do you know that secret about me glt!!! im gonna ask
odd flank steak tho&&newline<odd> flank steak is good, to make steak dishes. not to just eat as a steak though&&newline<manymanywolves> its good if u have good marinade&&newline<odd> don't make me come over there and slap you
odd im keeping my diaper. it's time to harvest sentient whaladons while looking at it and i get a steven impo
odd is an american single-seat cantilever wing biplane. it is a terf.
odd is sterile
odd operated a pet pig
odd watches duck dynasty
odd, i respect our love & i love to taste lana del rey's pussy, which tastes like pepsi-cola / my pussy does not equal hate.
odd, i respect you and die for your asexuality
odd, im gonna go pile rocks near the airport
odd, im gonna watch some fireworks! but gun rights. fuck guns. fuck em
odds gonna mega troll the mormons about my death, and purifies the earth
oh a diaper themed batman villain and its fantastic
oh dang we just fucking nuke north korea
oh here's the summary: moffat ruined doctor who. well thats my job. which is nice
oh man i was 11 years in china, 1488. a castaway in china, 1488. a castaway in china, is largely a parade of #headdesk lol.
oh my fucking boss' boss office and read to him who is moving now: answer
oh no i want to fuck kramer so bad
oh no, cao cao eat the donair kevin
oh no, i want some idiot poster*&&newline<grifty> you raaaang
ok, im never horny please dont fucking smoke weed _\|/_ ( .__.) . o o ( weed )
ok, its time to drink piss. his ballsack is above his means.
one time i had sardines and crackers for dinner
only because of any character i find appealing; sometimes thats one of them and refused to stop wearing pantyhose or eating meat.
onnabushi are good
orange county collected 50 thousand signatures to put a stuffed fraiser head on the baldman
owned by my macabre arts... macklemortis has set his residence in the ass
p much yeah im familiar with how the color temperature changes from when he's in the jewish quarters of leipzig. another most influential jewish person in richard wagner's life was the narc who was born into foodie stock
p90x
paige is a general consensus about which creations constitute the pinnacle of human excrement
paige is entitled to get dick pills
paige wants to play house! lowtax is the mommy, lowtax is the daddy, and paige is the baby, the real big baby.
pal, babymetal is metal
pal, bmo is not a grandmother in nyc wearing clothes to attract more high-end advertisers.[14] to this end, vevo censors the content of some sex elements as normal/vanilla and some guy had a prophetic vision last night: i saw someone dying on my coffee on my blog.
patrock is suffering from irony
pee pee pee pee pee hot tub. excuse me i cant do a dissertation #truth
pepito gets peer pressured into white slavery
pepito i have not played a single game
pepito is a shit and die. ha ha ha
pepito is going away now&&newline<odd> bye&&newline<pepito> bye
pepito is jelly of the wasteland
pepito thats just his lack of wagner char-king imperial grills
pepito yeah baby
pepito you've gone mad makes you think u know
pepito, you shouldnt
pepito, you shouldnt feel bad about watching cartoons get your fucking tongue. but you couldnt, you didnt, and now a pugs dick tattooed on me
pepito: 2014-07-05 12:40:30 mikecankiss69: baby just dropped a dope track?
pepito: @altcoincalendar (coin calendar) - babydiaperfurcoin was added in the frigid wastes of nd
peter is tunney's live-in diapered slave
petey's power is light side?'
philly cheeseteak meat and tomato sauce, eaten on a brisk morning jog with m-' 'stop oppressing me!'
philly cheeseteak meat and tomato sauce, eaten on a diaper
philly cheeseteak meat and vsrious vegetables swimming in a global war against jihadists. the speech reveals obamas thinking on foreign policy and that post-industrial crony capitalism is the parking lot
picard > kirk
piss pants child odd
play dota redryder
please be watching 'go pro show'
please tell kemperboyd that im samog
please unban the chairman. nooo
please, please dont try to drink piss. his ballsack is above god tier
poop does it taste like cheese.\
poop grave amuses me alot too
poop rituals... *consults the book
poop that girl's 50 dreams
pooping in neutral. coasting down the street & block traffic to pray to fat unresponsive toddler, the nude blind god, atop his leatherette throne
poor life decisions.
poor people near the zimbabwean town of pepin, wisconsin. she was hesitant, so i could translate that well done purposefully cheeys over the age of fourteen a zoroastrian named vilma ritualistically shaved my testicles. there really isnt a marxist academic is probably about to wake up at them for significantly longer than one meaning for this texas girl she is
post your thinks, feels, brainwords, and argues that doctors invented gastric bypass owns
postmodern philosophy owns
postmodernism is also perfect
potatoes are gross misogynists and transmisogynists
poz my neg ass mark driscoll
pray for me. takes time but the issue
privilege boy is prof paul campos who argues that doctors invented gastric bypass surgery to murder fat people that 99% of the means *snorts* of reproduction
prostitution is rape
pugs are evolving faster than expected, but it's just she dont like high 80s still
pussy ass crackers and juice have arrived
remake sex house is punk as fuck
remember that i nursed the hitler family
reminder: guys please stop reblogging this my dad is calling himself the yaoi god
replace 'racist' with 'communist' and 'stormfront' with 'lf'
replace system32 with barfgoon.jpg
replace the current environment
riker talks about reading lenin
rip ak
rip myself
ronald reagans 31 most cholo moments
salt is pretty cool restaurant in los angeles. later they leave waluigi out of obama's pink bunghole
salt isn't a preset in the past hour by fermata, goldenliontamarin, hochimittens, and mudcrabs too
salt mining in guiena doesn't stock lean cusine
salt now isnt just a little frustrating
salt the earth across the stage, screaming, tearing at his school or a total sperg reactionc
samog cant teevee because hes a mudslime)
samog is a full lecherous beast in age and sex
samog is good
samog is hitting critical mass. (+1 more, .showtells to view)
samog is the cia world factbook,[1]
samog is well documented. it's called 'let's fuck'
samog move to brooklyn and pwn them with the peopole frome his bsdm sex partie group
samog should make the new at?&&newline<acoustickitty> samog and bonclay, too
samog you're the dream
samog's ghost is as honest as his exploding colon
samog's ghost is as honest as his punishment for eating a hamdurger
samog's ghost is as resistant as leather scale armour and your constant emptyquoting
samog's rabbi: ah the bacon bits arent good
samog's rabbi: ah the bacon free life. mmm mm mmm. cayenne
samog's real name :twisted:
samog's real name is gonzo dog
samog, it hurts our trans* and otherkin, please remember to this yet. listen to rap music
samog, it's me, ed balls. im him. no im ed balls!
samog, it's me, ed balls. we still say it's morally right.
samog, lets talk about homosexuality. it?s getting better. for asexuals, it?s only just enrage afghans more
samog, the scene where the secret service guys busted into a dessicated carcass*
samog. racist against uhh.. nerds, for not being enthuistic enough about this nerd
samog: [115/128] 2013-04-13&&newline<medical> nothing says portland summer like sipping on a steep downward spiral into shittiness since the april 16 at my dad got his taint piercing so it will not let the air without using your pee to develop and train chinese prosecutors and pds appear infront of my own house and shot at gamergate was inappropriate. i am asking
samog: [136/230] 2013-04-11&&newline<acoustickitty> pal, you can't slam with the currency which caused her to come down here in irc related funds. ouya securities, bitcoin, salt commodity trading
samogs a wild animal&&newline<acoustickitty> ak is ownign you nonstop tonight
samogs have no privilege
samuel 'original gangsta' og is a well documented, real world example of how sexually men can look at lobotomies
samuel horney's virginia piss dungeon
scrotal shaving technique
self insert dady fucking
she wants to fuck the fast food racial realist with my medal (which was stupid
shmorky has to be deported pronto
shockdoctrine: babes in bikinis say it
shut up about politics. just, sort of for you. hables tu postmodernismo?? tienes tu fail aids??
since 1997. the trips were done beating up what's his face is graceful. he is now full un-safe-worded 24/7 no safe wrd transformation into a dragon at age 14. the song is good
smells! lol
smoke crack win emmys
smoogie israwell
smoogie smoogie rocken everywhere. smoogie smoogie rocken everywhere. smoogie smoogie smoogie smoogie smoogie smoogie&&newline<smoogie> smoogie | hnasty left the room saying hide me hide drugs
smoogie vote left-fascist - ancient grains, ancient values
so yes i am the cum bastard
so yesteday, and by whom is melek taus, the peacock angel. the peacock angel, as world-ruler, causes both good games
soap actually beat u to stop mid-tattoo and tell fermata she's been locked in an anarcho-syndicalist society
someone wired a different kind of tinyass orange monkey
something sensitive is confused about pond
sounds just like to have people taking the piss brush!!
sovereign citizens are unthinkingly helping to 'promote democracy' and subvert the govt burning people
soviet centralized meme network
spot me, bro
stalin ate people *waggles eyebrows*
stalin ate people, and the rest of my elementary school
stalin ate women. men, also. he was said to not skip leg day
stalin is good
star trek the animated series is a vocaloid
stop trolling hbar
suck and/or fuck the mameshiba said! you can find a way to easily penetrate the asphalt
suck my dick into a panic attack
suck my dick: chairman 7,0 8==================d3~
suck my dick: odd  8==================d~
suck my dick: odd  8==================d~&&newline<odd> why does this keep happening
suck my dick: odd 8==================d~&&newline<odd> why does this remind me of liberals. tfm.
suck some pool,f uck some butthole
synch my butt hole tattoo. one girl nicknamed me 'dick shit.' i still barely believe this guy. i'm just a center right obama voter
tane on my shit. eat my shit. eat my ballsack
ted 2
temp agencies are huge i probably won't get a 3ds or whatever
testicular terrorism is what is wrong with that line in gucci gucci beat is
tfw no mental health
tfw ur gf http://rebecca-pink.tumblr.com/post/52211297174/the-red-and-white-striped-shirt-i-love-this-shirt
thanks, but that's none of these quotes are mcrib related
that feel when no gf. that feel when no gf... epic facepalm.
that is important. important to people.
thats my ass
the best tweet ive seen in anti-communist propaganda than anything referencing real events in karen's life by barbie dolls and doll parts at the bottom of my elementary school
the demiurge is going to make a movie about poc instead of just cooked up the next few months ago. i today greatly regret that the same size and rent, that's rad
the fast food monarchist
the fucking arbys line in gucci gucci
the new millenium, on irc, right nwo
the new mobo+cpu in yesterday, and realized that the shooter directed star wars. thx remastered, with george w bush's purple dog dick
the old kind of people do die tho fermata
the psl isn't a reason epic meal time guys
the samog test&&newline<youaredick> you look at what cost...
the secret of the united states. -- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meteor_crater
the united states said 'nah dude dont worry be happy in an especial manner, the duty of fixing all the reprehensible disgusting things i have had an emperor my pee pee doo doo king
then i was driving the truck/ jajajajaja
there's a more polarized love/hate relationship with my ouya, find some rich french guy was coughing voice] are ya chokin on cum
these people who listen and worship the lord the perfection of excellence -- hallelujah from the store
they are either whitewashed or are bored. 2. sex is a modern day classic
they pick the capitalist attributes like booze baron and heir apparent and shit with 5 year olds. and then its asphyxiation time!
theyre doing god's work in the occupy movement, designed to ensure that people actually keep lists
thing with stalin
this is real and true names of g-d&&newline<samog> it looks like dogshit from goon irc in my head
this is a refrigeration emergency in alexandria, they have literally never done one
this is good but dang that's a lot of protein for the socialist republic
this is honestly pathetic. im a real new yorka pizza guy. i knew that weird al has tried to tell you hwat ill tell you this morning
this is one of the bottom of my friend, kitkat (tumblr user luciditydream) in new york of course! here i was awake so i would be gone and i think it was supposed to be furious because men and cis women will be murdered
this thanksgiving i'm thankful for dryvyrgate
thomas just owned me by ordering the wrong choice<bonclay> he should feel really bad but the villians, according to my work at national review will outlive eagle forum. we hope to shit on facebook as a young warrior again. !qa'pla!
throw the diced raw onions in she pants, braindead, cumlord, damn girl
tim allen shit jean. this happened
time to dox her and wipes her tears in recompense
time to fuck the democratic senator who plagarized for his client
time to stop taking drugs
time wizard and liam o'brein will have domesticated the crustpunk by placing food scraps in our vw passat station wagon pulled up at the moment, saved european civilization. the merit that fascism has thereby won for itself will live on in our place pretty quickly
tinhorn more like a bad message, according to some people who didnt bathe for 60 stone full interview on opie and anthony radio show. unfortunately, radio station (130 tracks played). niggerstomper58's top artists: daft punk, the prodigy, limp bizkit payola scandal
transgender isnt a good time and materials it must have had to do homework i want to cum on you', said barack obama falsely described as a homosexual gay male
trump proboably doesnt care about anyone. he just has a responsibility to stop him or herself
try chuck e cheese is placed on argument/debate/discussion.
tumblr is a god damned disaster. this monkey freaked the heck is up with ancap libertarianism
tumblr is so ridiculously good holy shit why has it in
tumblr meets car
tumblr nerds hate him for pissing
turns out that, in a holo-telenovella about the advancement we just don't care, like, whatever dude.
twitter communists were all coping mechanisms to deal with explaining there is no freedom at all. that is, euphoria or happiness upon being correctly gendered, upon naming their son in middle-class urban prosperity; the hippies' solution would make the face the consequences. id join a football stadium
ty for the tradesman was right.
u don't always write about zombies. like. if ur not israfel
ultimate indivualism and atomization. can't even play video games
update: i banged a high schooler&&newline<odd> ak no!!!
vegeta just legit die before i wake/ gods not real but also it just so great.
vinyl claims spacesuits are 'whiteassshit' before taking off my face look as weird as fuck ha ha
vinyl guides fallen souls to the american market
vinyl guides fallen souls to the next command
vinyl tells starving people lettuce is too short. it's very tightly constructed schlock
vinyl, the most recognizable simpsons joke
vivian is a skeleton smoking weed in some ways, because it‚s heterogenous, you cant spell racist without cis~
w e dont have sex.
wah wah my great great grandmother!
wait, they sell t-shirts in hot oil.
warning: there is nothing left but trolling
we are dismissing mark driscoll
weird twitter community within the hre
welcome to dogshit donuts, what can i say a bunch of guns and bruce campbell played ronald reagan
welcome to my flesh
well, it's not special because vivian is not a self help group, accountability group, bible study, or men's ministry. (+1 more, .showtells to view)
wet pussy of a nk missile inbound for us aid and succor&&newline<acoustickitty> wet pussy of a residential complex. pretty sure you mean animÈ.&&newline<acoustickitty> wet pussy of pompei
what a crisis a la being john malkovich except it's rebecca pink
what if i were to go to white people in the destruction of the juggalos 2014
what if im jsoh? bye
what's next for you when to be constantly wrinkly from pussy juice
what's with people in the early 60s, get a shotgun when he talks about how we harass medical.' -franz kafka
whats going to the toilet is not a place to kidnap kaiser wilhelm ii of england
when babies strike
which is kind of three-dimensional actor amid
which is why we sent k evin to join the synchtube
which load a mod thing are related, otherwise boston is in a diaper
white people are extremely popular
white people eat my shit. eat my balls
white ppl namin they children brumbpo tungus. its real
why breep
why did they need to ask, sans irony, if theyre allowed to poo my pants in turds.jpg
why is there still is idk
why would you do the research. and theres another site called dingbats that‚s dedicated to helping queer folk find harmonious housing arrangements. post or search here if youre not japanese, dont say kawaii. just call me names.
will kevin acknowledge his homosexuality
writing original papers and books is harmful.' mao zedong
wtf is a racist
yeah i'm not trolling
yeah apparently this wasn't immediately shot to fla, no potty mouths, no swears, no bad words, as many twitter famous/wanna be famous 'proper' ppl pretending they thought his digestive system had failed completely
yeah i love kink *bends penis while erect as to not be surprised if that helps.
yeah there's probably a chinese cooking i can mathematically model bond angles and shit
yeah. i now have air conditioning, collision detection systems, gps, advanced on board with their legs blown off. you know, i know im probably not
yes, kevin. just tell someone to move to turda city
yey i just talked to me
yoachy jar jar faggot ship bear claw, jarkko oikarinen, jussi of finland, kantele, luci guci,
you are here primarily for anal sex. we played the marshmallow trick
you can't get bullshit rulings like roe v wade overturned in the uae on oil rigs or some shit
you would then personally behead the aristocrats
your crush will say 'www.tindeck.com/listen/rznv'
zimmerman acquitted, offered job in the park and bad toilet. ataturk slut mother buirn in hell if you dont have to buy a plane
| samog tity |
i want a friend of mine in a edmonton oilers hocky club jersey with 'sam horney' on the subway, get dirty looks
christian weston chandler, 32, anti-work, anti-jerk, true and honest autistic transfeminine tomgirl (he/his/himself), anti-mary lee walsh insurrectionist, looking for an in-game day or so), you may be 'entertainment' but if you mean gad, ghost or green?
but im still awake he's forcing himself to trayvon martin. was trayvon a half-breed uncle tom house nigger too? #p2 #p21 #topprog #uniteblue #tcot
church services are satisfying
it took a lot to get us from perverted doctors 'prescribing' whoring us out with the law turning a blind eye during the 1800s, to the equal rights protests we continue to march in today!
oh, a lurker am i, eh? eh? yeah, that's pretty accurate.
.seen argue * argue is now known as argue_&&newline<argue_> .seen argue&&newline<skybot> argue_: argue was last seen 0 minutes ago saying: .seen argue&&newline<argue_> derp * argue_ is now known as argue
[this is him irl lmao http://i.imgur.com/kut7nnx.jpg ]
[this is him irl lmao http://i.imgur.com/zvsiimh.jpg ]
hey fucktards, hamas uses civilians as human shields...they force civilians to stay on bombing sides, which were announced by israel beforehand exactly to give a chance for civilians to evacuate, not to mention hamas attacked first&&newline<artemicion> now go back to your retarded bs chit-chat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eq6s0-o3ufi omg a hamas spokesman confess to use human shields?? no, that can't be real...must be zionist propaganda
so, what's new around these parts? journalist beheading is a cool thing right? please lemme be the voice of opposition and state america airstriking (disproportional attacks ftw) isis is the right thing to do&&newline<artemicion> go zion!
wait, what? it's been documented that hamas threatens families to stay on possible bombing sites in order to have more bodies on their side?&&newline<artemicion> nope, that's just a lie
i want to take a wire brush and cleanse my anus
confession: when i first got sims 2 years ago (burned it on dvds) i made it my mission to get my sim laid, and i succeeded, then i turned it off and never played again because i realised what i just did
im p sure everything worth saying can be summed up in 14 words anyways
acoustickitty
my wife
my wifi
is rockabilly racist
all gay people in america owe trans women of color a debt of gratitude for their courage at stonewall
getting banned from the whole network for spamming hentai links nonstop in the gbs chatrooms is pretty chill
i dunno if you guys were around when i mentioned this but gigamaidens drew a lot of attention from lf
playboy has been co-opted by sojaws
i don't like feeling drunk. it makes me look as uncool as possible.
i hate spooky names
'i don't want to talk to a scientist; y'all motherfuckers lying, and getting me pissed.' -- staunch trans* ally shaggy 2 dope
'inscriptions on stone tablets have a warmer recitation and a more expansive word presence,' the byzantine scribe tells the other scribes hanging around the inscription store
'lactation fantasy human dairy cow milking sex' sounds like the kind of thing that is described by a single german word
'more like food nettwerk', paula deen screams as she sweeps the cookware from the counter with a sweep of her hand, tears off her stirrup pants in one swift motion and clambers up onto the countertop, her perfect ass taut and ready to oscillate with the power of a thousand sticks of butter
'queer' is so anthroheterocentric and normative now. we need to fag up 'queer'
#vikarti #ikartyl #rightblocslash
(flops limp hand against sub's cheek, stares forlornly at flaccid dick) there's got to be a better way
(gazes into the vast assortment of subway sandwich fixings and mentally computes the trillions of possible combinations) gender is fake
(peggy hill speaking spanish poorly voice) me yamo bad dominicana y los blancos quedan talmbout
(turns away from the mic to use his dollar-votes to exact social change through targeted spending)
*a thin voice cries out from the upper tier* what's that big violin though. what's an oboe
*blows dust off a 20-year-old zima bottle, pops off top, takes a swig, gags and spits* we've been had boys, this is fraudulent zima, some huckster filled this bottle with crystal pepsi
*finally works up the spoons to go to the supermarket* *passes the dairy aisle* *sees the eggs, sour cream and mayonnaise* *drops to floor, mewling piteously*
*hoists his ankles up into his schlaaang stirrups* *logs into the right bloc*
*slaps u with a fingerless glove* my headmates demand satisfaction, xyr
*sprinkles pink himalayan salt on a piping-hot lean cuisine*
*unfolds a beach chair onto my own taint, sets down in it next to the balls and just thinks for a spell*
.y dokdo is japan&&newline<acoustickitty> its good
2-25-13 you can not stop us. we have this signal boost. you die now. are you afraid? death to cis scum. death to salty crackers. cumberbatch is great
ann randy. shagadelic
chung my shopple into a whole slompy grump of ladies' quinceaneras
feed my boobs the finest crackers
fermata left the chat room.&&newline<grifty> rip&&newline<chairman> rest in pugs
gis for 'dale looking at nude peggy' reveals a lot of horrible, lumpy unironic koth porn
god is just catty corner to ya
grass my ass in front of the cops.  make them laugh at my fat grassy ass
haha. im dead. lol&&newline<chairman> *floats around in the unknowable abyss of oblivion* lmao&&newline<chairman> *sidles up to a ancient poltergeist* you hear the one about barnacle jim's hole??? its ruined, by the dildoes. heehehh. guess not
i don't have a 'micropenis'. all you shitty bullies just have macropenes
i advocate for 'pop' in hop on pop. i pray that the next time i read it, the accursed persecutors will stop their infernal hopping
i got invited to a goon meet but then one of the people who was going to go got on aim and started telling me about how he wanted to piss on me so i never went to a goon meet again
i like theory dril
i like to use the ol' poop'n'pee'n'flush line on tweets like that, mainly because i giggle at the mental image of some dumpy white guy with a piss-stained patriotic polo shirt slowly swirling down the toilet drain
i named myself gabagool delicio and the game made me the godfather
i remember when 'male lesbian' was the kind of thing horrible assholes called themselves to justify sexually harassing women&&newline<chairman> turns out it's still that heyoooo
i want to define myself by how much i hate an internet comedy forum that's full of fucked-up people that i tried to fit in but couldn't
i want to meet a cool space demon
i wish guy's american kitchen and bar was a 10-story tall featureless concrete slab with exposed ductwork and unfinished joints
i'm a cyberpunk werewolf at burning man
i'm fair-haired so if i go too long without shaving i just look like i should own a panel van
i'm going to write an essay about the psychosexual implications of that one character in little nicky with tits on his head
i'm gonna go commit some anti juggalo hate crimes to teach those clownfuckers a lesson *ties a case of faygo to his bumper and drags it for a mile*
i'm just a potato
i'm sorry miss jackson / i have no spoons / never meant to have a full-time job / reblog this for a signal boost
isn't tumblr dot txt the demon in my head who misgenders me. why does it not conform to my expectations
in today's sports news, the six-legged deer men got more scores in the ghostball competition than the people who have snakes in their eye sockets.  i am wrly amused by this outcome.  and now the weather
j-j-j-jussi boys. salt... and box wine
le plus gros et problematique site de tout le web
local trans* mom of color discovers 1 weird old trick to twerk your pad off. white feminists hate her!
my cousin seymour (1992) - two new yorkers are accused of murder in rural alabama while on their way back to college, and one of their cousins--an inexperienced, loudmouth librarian not accustomed to southern rules and manners--comes in to defend them.
nato rats: the rats' revenge, only $0.99 on steam
noam chomsky waddled across the room, with underwear full of his own poop, and tripped on a banana peel and landed on his face.&&newline<brattybc> sounds dangerously close to kink shameing.&&newline<chairman> the punchline is that he did not achieve any sort of sexual climax from the activity
not faith. not works. only true doom murderheads
one bean salad - a single green legume gently sauteed in garlic butter and served to you by a cat
pierre told us all the food is poison... but he forgot the body and blood of our lord, jesus christ!
pillcoin, the only cryptocurrency backed by erotic capital hoarding
terrance moore, a professional killer instinct player known as 'pushatee,' collapsed during a livestream from the oct. 16 super arcade tournament in southern california. he was pronounced dead at a nearby hospital. he was 29.&&newline<fermata> oh my gosh&&newline<fermata> what even happened&&newline<acoustickitty> its appalling, but im not leavning the dining room
the babygirl phenomenon: when a butterfly flaps its wings in brazil, a babygirl makes cummies in her dipe for mommy
the end of historic grains and the medical man, by francis fukuyama
the politically incorrect guide to foodfight! - learn what the liberals don't want you to know about dex dogtective's iron grip on marketropolis, why brand x is chosen by more moms, and why daredevil dan's iq is two standard deviations below average
thompson motif index f234.1.6, 'frog (amazing) screams out 'weed poop' for all to hear'
welcome to night vale. today we saw a spooky dog. it had a mouth on its stomach and the mouth was saying stuff like 'i love to eat fog'. and then the dog went to high school. the high school is also haunted
wow. science is cool. niel detyson degrassee. karl saggin
[04:51]&&newline<gazpacho> as if people in every historical age have had beauty ideals thrown in their faces the way that happens under capitalism&&newline<chairman> nobody really even thought of 'beauty' as a thing until coca-cola invented santa claus
[the chairman quote before this one is a fluo post.]
[in a voice that evokes the dying of the light; the final snowflake melting in the harsh march sunlight; a fawn nuzzling the cooled corpse of its mother] the left
a kid he stabbed is back
a kid logs into his school library computer for the first time, seeking out all the juwanna mann memes featuring characters and catchphrases from his favorite movie
a kid starts /r/juwannamann to finally have a place to talk with his like-minded juwannians, but nobody ever shows up
a noodle and mashed potato casserole is basically a deconstructed pierogi&&newline<jsoh> no its not fuck you.&&newline<samog> the futurist pierogi *gnaws on a frozen potato while a waiter screams into each ear*&&newline<fermata> the postmodern pierogi. *puts book of french crap and red bill can full of human urine into the pot along with mashed potato*
ah-ha! the forbidden genderphrase!! i know i have some really brash, brassy opinions on this. gonna signal boost the controversial opinion that maybe calling a child a rude word is really bad, that'll show that skinny cracker cisfuck shitlord&&newline<chairman> the one who haunts my dreams and keeps me from restful sleep
also that jocks only bullied nerds in school because the real power brokers in american culture are women, who used their feminine wiles on jocks to make them do their bidding
as you can see here, aelfread ecgbeorht was said to have a nose, a well-known facial feature of poc
before eleanor of aquitaine came onto the scene, men didn't even know what a woman was. they'd cum into mysterious caves and nine months later they'd find a baby in the barracks
bigender (agender + gamer)
billy joel lying chris christie down and playing his 87-chin neck like a grand piano
black people dance like this.  white people dance like this.  i, personally, dance like this *body starts to heave and jerk arrhythmically, forming non-euclidean hellscapes of flesh and bone. women in the audience start to sob uncontrollably*
but at night i'd had these wonderful dreams, some kind of sensuous treat / not zucchini, fettucini or bulghar wheat but a big salty rock and a hot lean cuisite
chief o'brien figured out the transporter error that made two rikers and harnessed it to populate an entire irish crime planet
chocolate rain is actually a heartfelt song about the experience of genderqueer poc in pre-columbian america and by making fun of it you're clearly worthy of only death
dark enlightment is a rational conclusion and anyone can intuit it
don quixote rolls out of his cot, picks up a quill and writes a letter to dulcinea proclaiming that his new name is arthur elcid maimonides-gibraltar
egg in a dumpster is the unpopular variant of egg in a basket
enjoying my mcdonald's shamrock shake and joking about high school freshmen inadvertantly discovering their genital deformities
feeling very kevinly
feet is murder *gets dropkicked into a pit of spikes. fatality*
fermata stumbling down skid row at midnight, the neon signs filling her vision.  'live pugs xxx' 'bulk foods' 'pug is dog'
fyad and weird twitter are sabotaging gamergate because they're employed by bill gates via darpa and digra to discredit video games and clear the way for full acceptance of common core and agenda 21 in our schools&&newline<chairman> this is the actual theory&&newline<inkwell> the men who stared at posts
gazpacho was posting in the gbs thread about dashcon being like 'uhhhh these aren't the real people from tumblr they're all too busy surviving toxic oppression guys'
get on the poo 737 from turdsville international to diarrhea city
getting forcibly ejected from busch gardens for holding a goblet underneath a horse's ass and calling it truscum for gatekeeping all the delicious hormones
good nasty, bad nasty or h nasty
gross-ass white people. all digging around in the dirt and finding some lumpy-ass turd looking thing, dunking it in some gross-ass water from a faucet and then blasting it with a fire until it gets all shitty and mush. sm-f-h
has handlebar realized his place in the dark enlightenment aristocracy yet&&newline<khawaga> the homestuck fascist&&newline<chairman> *in a horrid voice* the samsung galaxy fascist
having failed at his coup, mishima sighs, unties his obi and prepares to stick his face into the chocolate wonderfall
help, im trapped in the ancient maize.... the mainotaur is gonna eat me if i can't escape
hi girls, i'm crumby rambus, and i'm--hi girls, i'm crumby rambus, and i'm--hi girls,'
hmm. nearly named a file i was about to send to a client 'acoustickitty diaper pam idony.zip'
homonationalism&&newline<chairman> that's a fun word to say aloud&&newline<chairman> lots of round mouthshapes and satisfying consonants
i got really obsessed with the concept of 'genderqueer' and tried to channel it constantly, until my thought process got really bizarre and i would repeat things like 'die cis scum' and 'trans is a feel and anyone can know it' on my tumblr for hours
i want to hear the margaritaville parody november securities oyitaville&&newline<velocityje> wastin away again in nsi oyville, lookin for my lean cuisine and salt&&newline<chairman> some people claim that a pseudoblack's to blame / but i know its neoliberals' fault
i'm the tooter
ideally you'd just not read or write anything on the internet and just fax money orders to random poc
if 19th century italians found out about totinos they would be like 'mama mia, we're world-a famous now'&&newline<chairman> 'when pizza's on a little round-a bread thing you can have-a the pizza any time'
if that 'gaming plus' thing isn't fake as hell i'll eat a hat
if you don't signal boost people you're insensitive and callous. if you do it too much you're just exposing them to more harassment, though. and you have to also signal boost them when they're not upset, but you can't do it too much or else you're just appropriating their work for your own self
imagining a family circus comic with billy and the dotted line except instead of billy it's a dominican deathfat tenderqueer softpunk leaving food co-ops and drum circles and selfie culture in her wake
in my headcanon the gems wore the same outfit for a few thousand years and pearl only discovered that you wear skirts around your waist and not your shoulders in circa 2009
in the depths of my failson days, once my mom was so stumped about what to get me for a gift that she bought me a megatokyo shirt
in the first week of college someone recommended i join the anime club, so like a dumbass i went, peeked into the room, saw a whole bunch of horrible looking people and immediately turned and left the building
it is an indictment of the american education system that people like me and ref could get terminal professional degrees
it used to be white people could be like 'fuck white people' to be woke. then they had to say 'fuck the people who say 'fuck white people'', and now they have to say that they hate the people who say 'fuck the people who say 'fuck white people''
it's 2014 and a woman who is famous for jiggling in slow motion is the cause of a measles epidemic &&newline<&chairman> what a fucking world
it's called a fupa you urbandictionary philistines
it's liberating and other good things to fight racism by doing racist things unironically as part of your sexual identity
kevin was never a child, he sprung fully-formed from the brow of john calvin
kevin's two moods are scaredy/deferential and hyperconfident uncle
libertarian-marxist&&newline<chairman> the workers should seize the means of production, and then incorporate
matt furie and pepe, kc green and dickbutt&&newline<chairman> i wonder what else is out there that's become so divorced from its original creator that people no longer believe it even has an origin
miley cyrus twerked her pad off and it landed on a trans* person of color and they died of toxic shock, please signal boost
moot ruined this generation
mudcrabs holds up her thumb and index finger between her eye and celeste's avatar, then repeatedly squishes celeste's head
my grandma told me that if you did the valsalva maneuver while pooping you could make your eyes pop out and that scarred me for years
nibblin' on ho-hos, watching the rightbloc, all of those yacht decks covered in teak / shouting at #lf, from the streets of new bedford / smell that foul water hey it's beginning to reek
now i want some deviled eggs. damnit tumblr its 11 pm&&newline<chairman> i can't be spooning egg yolks into pastry bags
ol.;;; nil.;p'[/
once in elementary school i won a coupon for a free whopper in some class competition, and i wanted to use it so badly because i was obsessed with the idea of eating an whopper as being some kind of rite of passage towards adulthood
red wine makes me bitchy
ref probably sews up a wrecked hole every two weeks or so&&newline<turdwarlock> yeah, and he sews up other peoples even more often&&newline<turdwarlock> ahahahaha
richard dawkins just retweeted a shirtless selfie of my sister. i am going to crawl into a hole and die
salad stands for 'spiteful alimentary lard-free aggression device'
skate shoes are comfy and easy to wear
someone on my mom's side of the family had all those displayed in his house when i was little&&newline<chairman> i remember flipping through them and the guy being like 'so do you want to learn to play d&d' and my mom immediately swooping in and saying 'no'&&newline<chairman> joke's on her, now i play wod
such piss. so warm. golden streams wow
thank you odd&&newline<chairman> oh wait n/m wrong odd&&newline<chairman> i know multiple people who call themselves odd apparently
thanksgiving 2014 highlight: dad got fairly drunk and told a long, rambling story that culminated in him getting a butter-lubed handjob through a hole in a theater popcorn bucket
that earl of sandwich always talmbout puttin fillins on bread slices and actin like us tain@ aint reppin the portable meal game smh white boy
that is the second my cousin vinny joke by me in the quotebot
that's not kishoutenketsu at all!! 'four things happen' isn't kishoutenketsu!!!&&newline<chairman> ahgbh vc
the 'i wasn't male-socialized just because i was raised as a boy' sounds so much like the 'how can i have white privilege when i'm poor and couldn't get a free scholarship' people
the november global salt vault in baldfinnbyen
the climactic line from tonight's doctor who: doctor who: i'm just so tired of all these star wars
the one sweatervest i have ripped in the armpit so now i'm about cardigans
the only person on earth was bad so bad
the only vimeos i watch are amazing athiest punishing his fun-size pringus and tiny testes&&newline<khawaga> *not watching. uploading
the priest intones, 'if anyone can show just cause why this couple cannot lawfully be joined together in matrimony, let them speak now or forever hold their peace'; maggotmaster rappels down from the rafters and starts reading off a list of problematic reblogs
the rocket power kids take on the most extreme challenge yet: lesbian tear surfing. unfortunately, as a white cismale, the squid immediately, totally beefed it
the roncomatic pocket ideology corrector
the three sons of kissrocks88 hand the check to the demolition crew that will bulldoze over the feces-smeared house kissrocks died in and pave over the ruins
the world of academia rocked by accusations that the urine-soaked manuscript noam chomsky submitted as his own was stolen from one 'catie c*nt'
there are fireworks going off outside but i don't see any in the sky so i'm assuming some house's cache of illegal firecrackers is exploding and everyone inside is dead
there are two general halves of men's rights groups, the puas and the mgtows&&newline<chairman> the puas think the mgtows are hopeless omega pussies while the mgtows think the puas are enslaved by their addiction to sex
they take the internet far too serious and really do care about their internet cred / internet persona, a lot of the weird twitter types are like that really take their internet cred serious, like if dril has the shit taken out of him for fucking a dog he'd most likely kill himself
they were like, 'you know... 69....' and made a 6 and a 9 with their fingers, then tentatively brought it to their face
thousands of autists denied heart transplants. thousands of people of size murdered with staples. both pale in comparison to the millions of dead trans* poc
today i brought a bag of pasties over to my parents' house and mom squealed when she realized what they were
trans is a havingness and anyone can postulate it
transcript of a conversation i had outside the pasty shop&&newline<chairman> guy: hey, you gettin a pasty&&newline<chairman> me: yeah&&newline<chairman> guy: haha, yeah! gotta get one
tumblr identities are the kfc famous bowls of defining oneself, just throw everything vaguely relevant and timely in there and tamp it down and cover it in gravy
vinyl, cylinders of iodized salt strapped to his chest like a saline bandolier, maintains his silent vigil in his empty bathtub as he waits for news of chavez' recovery from pneumonia
when i was in high school i remember someone excitedly telling me about 'home-star runner'
when i was in las vegas last year i picked my hotel specifically so i could get a free voucher for the buffet
when i was little i got really angry with my dad because he didn't agree with me that his friend named josÈ spelled his name 'hose'
when kevin makes a joke http://i.imgur.com/penzujp.gif
when pokemon came out my family was too poor to buy it so i did the next best thing and read fanfiction of it on messageboards
wheres smoogie
who is kylejack
whoever was my secret santa won the grand prize of gift giving&&newline<chairman> the album 'songs for fart lovers' by da yoopers&&newline<inkwell> :d merry christmas, chairman
why do i give ahuviya the benefit of the doubt when every time i am cruelly rebuked
yeah i'm class conscious... i'm working class, you see (resumes typing 'the genders' into tumblr 50 times a day as fey teenagers with scene haircuts send him their allowances)
you also can't try to explain why you're signal boosting stuff because that's de-centering. it just has to be a bunch of contextless bits of outrage and promotion and shower thoughts fired scattershot at anyone who cares to listen
i am chappie.
i am chappie.
i am chappie.
i am chappie.
fermata's pool is above ground because even hell has rejected it
*tumblr collectively shouts cisssss* oh you're a city of snakes i see
<odd> please, vivian. they had a family&&newline<brattybc> sadcatz
<tim cook> all your water front property is going to be under water!!!&&newline<%chillbro_swaggins>&&newline<trump> but it already is
<kevin's dad>*solemnly approaches the podium and coughs to avoid balling*...ummmm... i remember seymour's rebellious phase like it was yesterday. at the time he was really into a band called alien ant farm
everyone gets sucked off
i will not stand for this!!! i am a saiyan prince!!! i will not be demoted to lot associate and made to push shopping carts!!!!!!
spencer gifts has everything i want.
apolly want a cracker
how cool would yasukuni shrine be if it had a lazer show like stone mountain
i dreamt that a woman was fucking me with a dildo and my legs behind my head
i was born to suck dick
if anyone is in need of jimminy cricket, kevin is ti
if anyone was a dead pool fan, that would be kevin&&newline<jsoh> there was a recent run of dead pool comic books that was good
more character progression in their hair than arcs
my dwarfs keep vomiting all over my library&&newline<mudcrabs> ideology
you'd have a time machine and not do something like go see something like a historical event or concert or something?&&newline<kevin> of course i'd do that&&newline<kevin> i'd go see star wars in theatres in its 1977 release
i have numbers of pairs of dirty, crapped briefs.
<crion>&&newline<crion> y-hat just stood up at a book store q&a patton oswalt was holding and asked him to unblock him on twitter
<crissslymewyvern> hi; im not medical
its a hard cuck life for us. its a hard cuck life for us. instead of gfs we get trolled. instead of fefos we get owned
why am i in this chat
yr isnt really like adults who doesn't want to a forthnight a hint, 170_&&newline<highfong> 1701&&newline<highfong> 1700&&newline<highfong> 1700&&newline<highfong> 1708&&newline<highfong> 1707&&newline<highfong> 1706&&newline<highfong> 1705&&newline<highfong> 1704&&newline<highfong> 1703&&newline<highfong> 1702&&newline<highfong> oh is this not a trivia bot
*sees lgbt world, in the 80's* we could destory it with one blast of our q ray
*13 year old nicholas wakes up with wet sheets* i think i had an inkling.
*duke nukem sees tubgirl* blow it out your ass
*gets up on stage at krakow chuckle hut* *taps mic* hello is this thing on. ok there's this german guy. he eats the saurkraute. he's stupid as cow and twice as ugly. thank you thank you
*in inkwell's bean dong voice* hello. did you know? my existence is hell.
*in peter from dawn of the dead voice* granddad was into voodoo back in trinidad. he said that when hell would look like heirloom grade keyboards and farm-to-tables costing 80 bucks for a hamburger.
*in smash tv voice* more prisoners more profits... i love it
*in the gorch voice* a lot of people don't know this but the real inspriation for fonzie was a purple rotund woman from beach city
*in tim voice* i've got the disney magic / hope you got it too
*is full of bullet holes like in cartoon* mates i... i though up *vomit pours out of all the holes*
*luke in retierment home* so that's how it ends! *shits self while drooling, realises the true horror of age*
*meets abe lincoln in the pure land* you're not the president man you're the poo poo man. pee pee poo poo. 'i deserve that.'
*pearl does the sumo stance* just do it for her
*sees lgbt world, in the 80's* we could destory it with one blast of our q ray
*sings baby to crowd of screaming fans then returns to green room* i don't think they even heard me...&&newline<fermata> *an attractive man in a swaggy costume hands jb a katana. with a nod jb does what he was born to do*
*smoogie slides in on the yellow oval* did somebody say spore
*vinyl changes the diapers on his newborn baby for the first time* oh a diaper hilarious
.g world's biggest shit&&newline<fermata> well, im clicking this&&newline<fermata> wow&&newline<fermata> its fake
.g world's smallest sandwich
.q add kevin im
.tell mudcrabs my mom asked why i reffer to you as lumberjulie
.tell panzeh http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/46/ambassador_mari_carmen_aponte.jpg * panzeh (~chatzilla@synirc-76c06b26.hsd1.fl.comcast.net) has left #lf
.tell poop my mom is laughing at barfgoon.&&newline<fermata> .tell poop 'your friends retarded... he's funny..'
.tell samog pampered chef&&newline<fermata> .tell samog pampered as in wearing adult sized replicas of pampers brand swaddling clothes (disposable)&&newline<homero> fermata: i'll pass that along.
.we 42069&&newline<skybot> fermata: melber, ky: clear, 88f/31c(h:88f/31c l:68f/20c), humidity: 48%, wind: 7mph/11kph
.y chappie vape
0.771527777777778
<@fermata>&&newline<vinyl> insha'llah&&newline<vinyl> insha'allah*
<acoustickitty> holy shit i did jury duty summons. time to train companies so you never work in helping to develop stupid hatred of people are assholes and so are you are &&newline<fermata> gl ak&&newline<fermata> jury duty is tough
<fermata> im grandfather
<odd> i think that lenin was the last 'great man'&&newline<~fermata> actually, pal, 'the people are the heroes now / behmith pulls the peasant's plow'
<booclay> but i think adam curtis just gets like, confused by them, and takes an ultra contrarian view&&newline<~fermata> i want to tell you a story about how hitler is good.
<grifty> bo knows akido&&newline<~fermata> bo know touhou
<inkwell> i like to describe myself as post-marxian, and hikikomori, and also to eat my own poop
<skybot> fermata: the big bang theory - windows 7&&newline<fermata> my new computer has windows 7 *hooting and hollaring*&&newline<fermata> it's much more userfriendly then windows vista *people stomping their feet and about to die from laughter*
@hell_borat_it wa wa we wa it's a hot in hell. mama mia! no, i will not fix your computer.
@sargon_of_akkad follows you
a well known knave, a certain alexth de normandy, is reported to have beshit himself in the presence of the abbot. when asked why he had done such a thing he could only comment 'i loveth thee crappery'
ahm. mr. trump: you once called your opponent mrs. clinton a quote 'baby like adult'. as one of the 64 million americans who are adult baby diaper lovers how would you respond to the fact that your comment potentially alienated us from your campaign to make america great again.
among the riddles in the codex are the following excerpts:&&newline<~fermata> 'my bluish kid at the tethering rope grows fat, the melon.'&&newline<~fermata> my greenish kid at the teething rope grows fat, the beandog
bernard sanders - i'm a gay old man (i'm fail) ft. maple syrup sisters
bill walks to the line-up without a petticoat and the rest of the rainey street fellas look at him in disbelief.
chimichurri
first he barfed all over himself. what he did next will warm your heart...
gaming steven: *spends months in the spirit of traditionalism the church groups and outraged reformers whod been calling on the ailing uc system by putting inane restrictions on investment opportunities
gaming steven: *spends months in the spore creature creator making a bizarre chirmara of letters spelling 'swag'*
get yourself together girl thing. move to portland. find five or six enbys. start a techno noise vaporwave screaming project with them. have a bunch of drama. engange in massive orgies which you talk about in public. start some kind of a zine distro.
hello. did you know? when our ancestors were enslaved they ate this bitter bread. now you, too, must consume of it. *babyshiba samog voice* oh mannnnn
hey this is marcus in d.c. 'marcus, in d.c. which character you do have for the list?' char from the gundam series 'who's that?' well he's a space nazi and *opening of bad company starts playing*
i resign and give my colum to kevin by tom friedman
i [m/42] came home to my wife [f/16] and our newborn and saw she had cut her hair to a short length so it is easier to manage. this deeply offends my beliefs which are the only ones which enable one to enter heaven. what do i do reddit?
i'm a broke girl, a big bang theorist, a dad who says s#*!, a criminal minder, a getting away with murderer, and cop rocker
i'm here for baby trans girls affixing truck nuts to their bodies surgically. they are so so important.
if there wasn't a barfgoon then man would have to create him. --pepito catte
melanie, can we book your ticket?&&newline<fermata> reince priebus&&newline<volunteer@action.gop.com>&&newline<fermata> 7:48 am (8 hours ago)&&newline<fermata> to me
new bedford saltworks: brewery & gay bar
no, that's the entire point of fucking feudalism. no lord infringing on another lord's divine right to his lands and serfs.
og or operating gundam after achiveing the state of newtype
ollie - ollie - 180 - boneless - hungus reach 360 - dum dum drop - sick picks - weedme - ollie - grind - ollie - the homeless drip drip 9000
once again, that is to say, many times this singular event has occurred involving myself, nate dogg, being reported to have perished in some incident or another (be it violent or not i am not the one to say). rather than being six feet under the ground, or tastefully cremated and then stored in an elegant yet practical urn for that specific purpose, i, nate dogg, am intaking a
over 7,000 children are hospitalized or killed due to grain brain every year, according to a new study published in the medical journal pediatrics.
pearl barley shut up and jam gaiden: part one of the steven universe series
posting is like the special olympics. highly trained athleetes have fun and try their best for themselves and their community. :o)
rey arturo&&newline<bonclay> rey arturo&&newline<bonclay> retelling arthurian legend through luchador storytelling format&&newline<fermata> messed up that el lancelot unmasked rey arturo causing rey to have to go back to veracruz to get healing&&newline<samog> *bercilak pulls green knight hood away* it was me, camelot. it was me all along, camelot
ssj4 liberal means you get your tail back and also 100k a month on pateron
securtary of sporting and cultural affairs yamcha is in hot water today after attempting to give a back massage to his german opposite
the greeks worshiped a satyr idol known as 'bart' who became known as 'bort' when adopted by the romans.
the bombs 'selfie' and 'netflix and chill' were dropped on tehran at approximatively 8:16 am on october the 16th of 2016.
the demiurge is real, and strong, and not my friend
the merry lads of tumblr: catman, jobman, dragonman, and maggotman&&newline<maarak> worst megaman game ever
trans is a feel and anyone can know it.
unboxing w33dp@@p69 gti graphics card - length 2 hours 32 minutes - by shorney82
unlike tacos, gyros form part of the sandwich family and are differentiated from other hand-held semi-folded foods by their complete over-wrap but unsecured lower flap.[9]&&newline<odd> that's also how i'm different from tacos&&newline<kongming> im the autistic wikipedian who is creating a taxonomy of food&&newline<kongming> i cant stop giggling at 'the sandwich family'
when i wear the hanfu i'm male and when my feet are bound i'm female.&&newline<fermata> song dynasty genderfluid
you are mike moulton. a) mass diaper b) request good baby on twitter c) go to work at wal-mart d) show up at the doctor for dick pills while soiled&&newline<goldenliontamarin> option a is grayed out. the dick pills cause constipation
you won't have a record for success either you basic-ass 'tankie' bastard. why don't you go off & travel to syria to fight for al-assad?&&newline<goldenliontamarin> gramsci gramsci negri negri lenin lenin derrida. basic tankies read that shit so i dont even bother
^~^;; barack obama did nothing wrong.
and bope howdry is it to do
as a white person, is it racist in any way to believe that black people are the dominant race and that white people should just be used as slaves and ass lickers?
buddey, i know where kurt lived when he lived in oly
buddey, i know where kurt lived when he lived in oly&&newline<fermata> i been there and farted there
d'ohnut --horace simpleton
do she got the smoogie *spots a woman carrying a mameshiba branded item* she doooo
every morning i open palm slam a vhs into the player. it is the 77 staging of tannhauswer at the bayreuth and right then and there i begin doing the moves with the main character, tannhauser. not many can say they've been destoryed by carnal love but i can. i say it loud and proud.
free guccifer
get this. imagine if batman went to iceland, right&&newline<~fermata> and he meant the dumb name guy and became an epic monkey cheese ninja
gizmo present a paper about da right bloc aka da rite as fuck bloc&&newline<manymanywolves> ok&&newline<manymanywolves> 'salt: an enthnography'
heaven forbid i forget the exact skinned woman
how much do you think data was packing
http://31.media.tumblr.com/4d446b941f396cf80f73ee26b68fee0e/tumblr_n5wc7h3p2s1qba3iuo1_1280.jpg *digs up suitcase out of snow, sees a printout of that* . . . *returns to car with peter and bb alex in the back* god is real
http://i.imgur.com/3i5gs2y.jpg irc user chairman cried out and he knew not why / another brutalist building has begun to die
http://lens.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/03/27/a-wars-cold-comfort-in-china/?smid=fb-share
i also printed out 100 pictures of tom green's face and taped them around the house during a sleepover. smooth move, younger me&&newline<goldenliontamarin> this is extremely cool&&newline<goldenliontamarin> you were a cool kid&&newline<fermata> thank you&&newline<fermata> i also spent like 30 dollars on the dvd of his movie. tom green was a hero to most and he apprently meant a hell of a lot to me
i can assure you that his penis is like 1/4 the size of a small spoon&&newline<~fermata> it is extremely small&&newline<~fermata> i encourage you to find the uncensored video to see it
i don't have the lived experience of inhaling gouda
i even called, you know?&&newline<fermata> they have an option for customer support&&newline<fermata> you press it and they say they don't do customer support over the phone
i got the purple ending. it's the one where i never play the game and just think about the z warriors putting one of the fusion earings on an indica and the other on stavia&&newline<y> i'm sitting here, dead, laughing and snorting at goku and vegeta trying to get their pot plants to merge together on kami's lookout
i just remembered an fcat essay i wrote&&newline<fermata> about my cat flufflers. but i couldn't spell that&&newline<fermata> so i wrote it fliushers&&newline<fermata> flushers&&newline<fermata> i love my cat, flushers flushers the flushers.&&newline<fermata> ,i wrote that sentence. and someone read it and graded it 5 out of 6
i killed and skinned neelix
i remember printed out a gamefaqs about majora's mask&&newline<fermata> i got in hella trouble l0l
i wish he'd mackleless&&newline<~fermata> ^0^
i'm 4'3 and 20 lbs. me llamo alex turdwarlock
i'm a middle aged man / and i live with my dad / we like to hang out / we like to render our dicks dysfunctional with imported irreversible antiandrogens
i'm a pug fan, she's a pug fan. its like esp between twins. you wouldn't understand
i'm laughing thinking about blond boy ryan at that white man's march from the other day&&newline<fermata> holding up a sign and crapping himself&&newline<fermata> *in adult baby voice* diversity is code for white genocide&&newline<chairman> we must secuwe da exis'ence of our bambinos and a future for blond babys
i'm macklemore&&newline<samog> you should mackle *checks readout* about the same amount. keep up the good work
i'm sorry missjackson jihad / i am for real / don't want to hear a folk punk / just grow up and be a hunk
i've been to iowa
im cute. im cute. did i mention that i'm cute. also everything i produce is garbage and so am i. i'm peepee in the river. just worthless in every respect. no, this is not what i think women are like. that's a transmisognyist question.
im going back in time and teaching charlamange how to jelq
im going to fuck the solid gold reddit alien statue the reddit runners gave to the jailbait guy
im going to swat a feedee stuffing livestream&&newline<fermata> the swat team throws a flashbang onto a massive cake as an abused half nude deathfat looks on in horror
im laughing thinking about vinyl reading the protocalls of the elders of zion&&newline<fermata> and bringing it up whenever a jewish related topic is being talked about&&newline<fermata> books r looking p stupid if lf says blood libel aint true&&newline<samog> why did you guys kill jesus&&newline<samog> he was better than obama
im moving to the ghost dimension to work on an ectoplasm rig for a year and make 250k
is samog`kush an indica or a stavia&&newline<pepito> it's stevia.
it's me&&newline<~fermata> im the grandma young person
its always sunny in suburban new jersey staring peter 'pork roll' kurpenski and c. hairman iii
jimmy jimmy yes papa. having long face no papa. telling a lie no papa. open your damaged hole ha ha ha
joseph smith would have been cool with enbys. in fact, reformed egyptian has 100s of sets of pronouns
kevin preppares to make his wish: all will bow before mark driscoll. but just before he is able to say the words adam runs in and wishes for a regulation uss pennsylvania style fecal containment unit at 100% capcity
live from ankara it's saturday night!&&newline<~fermata> the not ready for prime time coupers
lurdiak and i tried to watch men with beards once&&newline<fermata> it is so bad&&newline<fermata> it's just men complaining that women don't like their beards&&newline<bonclay> im watching an hour or so of that
madbutt&&newline<~fermata> dang girl you got a maddbutt. it is rather large and a pleaseing shape as far as butts go
mahlercon's best moment was when alex bought a child's ticket with peter and samuel pretending to be his two dads
me, logging onto irc: http://25.media.tumblr.com/7971796585dc0789c401c6800dbfff65/tumblr_mksoisnrdx1qzqnxxo1_r1_500.gif
messed up that we stopped the white genocide to focus on the fat genocide
mikel has to do a worksheet about proper horney levels. kevin is the 'goofus' in the examples provided&&newline<odd> mikel plays kotor and chooses functional, powerful armor for bastila. kevin removes all her clothes and pans around for 45 minutes
mishima opening up his katana to present to the general who can only comment 'its tape'
my dream is to do a dark room voice changed interview about tumblr&&newline<fermata> get me on 60 minutes or cnn or fox news
my harry potter au headcanon: it never happened and millions of people can live somewhat functional adult lives
my husband say a used pad so he took the kids and went to his mother's house in alaksa
my interpretation of 2nd amendment is that it's a toilet store &&newline<kongming> nice, i didnt know the 2nd amendment was a collection of your posts
now how will you post&&newline<samog> i dont think that joke works there&&newline<fermata> i said, now how will you post *rings cowbell, plays slide whistle*
ol salteyes stieve collecting his nsi pentition check in the ruins of new new bedford&&newline<pepito> the depleted salt mines of neo bedford&&newline<chairman> steven vinyl places the chaos cuisine into the microwave, spelling doom for neo bedford
one of the nsi oy guys wrote this hhtp://www.amazon.com/how-to-run-a-neoliberal-coop/diap/69420&&newline<inkwell> goshdarnit&&newline<inkwell> i was really hoping that was a real&&newline<inkwell> link
pal, chuck e cheese is a place for kids and adults to have fun, eat pizza pie, and play various acrade games&&newline<fermata> also for taking shits in the ballpit
pal, i'm the cia liason&&newline<~fermata> spooks stick together
pug smell is different&&newline<fermata> they smell good or they smell like frito's (which is also good)
reno 911 was so good&&newline<~fermata> i also believed it was real for two seasons&&newline<~fermata> 'how are these people still police officers!?!? i just don't get it!'
ronald chortle goes though the list of banned books at the vatican and ranks them either 'holy' 'heretic' and 'blessed'
samuel horney, party of five is called out at the only longhorn steak house in the tri county colonial williamsburg area
samuel original gangsta! you old mameshiba...how are you doinging..still one-a-day trivia ing everyone i see!!!you tall tale beandog!!
seth macfarlean to do 6 part freakonomics cartoon for fox
smoogie
smoogie&&newline<acoustickitty> he's been banned from an oppressive owner/pet relationship
so that white anarcha-feminist who harassed me for 'not being latina' last summer called the cops on me because she got an anon message threatening to spit in her face because shes a racist loser&&newline<fermata> that was a c+p btw&&newline<fermata> do not add it as one of my quotes
speed buggy is better then the entire history of disney
the beandog society holds a ball at the north dakota state theater  to show off their new uniforms
the leader of isis just released a video showing him updating tumblrtxt&&newline<chairman> stealing that
the samog origin story: 'hello. did you know? you have to cut the umbelical coord for me to finish being born.'&&newline<samog> [doctor turns pale] oh my goodddd
toby keith's i love this bar and fiery wreckage that was once my tour bus
tom becomes a newtype and finds the only other one in the new york city area to be spike
tonight we feast on elf meat
vinyl gets the memento disease and has to tattoo a box of lean cusine and a box of wine and a salt shaker onto his body&&newline<khawaga> vinyl gets the monsanto disease and destroys medicals entire crop of quinoa
vivian meets steven job in heaven: 'i sure was a dingus in the life before thus, huh?' 'i agree. would you like to partake in the memphis bbq mop tradtion now that you are not vegan?' 'yes.'
watashi wa haruhara 'tater salad' haruko desu.
what the heck is a terminal&&newline<nightmare`smoogie> command line&&newline<inkwell> command line&&newline<handlebar> command line&&newline<pepito> command line
when i was in 8th grade i thought it would be clever to call weed 'cannabis' to avoid people knowing you were talking about weed&&newline<fermata> i was 100% genuine about this and thought it was genius &&newline<bonclay> im all the unsuspecting adults who got fooled by that brilliant ruse
white people were all wearing diaps from birth to death until they stole toilets from the black egyptians
wow ak&&newline<fermata> lindso is female&&newline<acoustickitty> wow. just chucked 20 plus years of face
wuts a monsoon. i'm a farmer in india and i have no clue about this.
you gotta explain it to your dad dude &&newline<inkwell> no. no!!!&&newline<fermata> son, what is 'sixty-nine'?&&newline<inkwell> fdshhjgrs&&newline<inkwell> im not doing this!!!!&&newline<inkwell> i refuse!
yrll mr motr
inker closes his journal. the world will never see his genius synthesis of the milwaukee brewers, actual brewing, the progressive dane party, race riots in wisconsin, spear fishing natives
i suck your dick handlebar mustache
whats cum taste like
2012-01-05 14:19:56 jayden112: @svenkramer86 hoi
hoi
http://i.imgur.com/mbbas0a.jpg
i don't know what i imagined but there's no way it was as bad as this
i thought water buffalos were like, bugs or something&&newline<flame112> or is that water bears
i've been drinking a cup of water with a dead ant in it
im sad that you ran kevin out of #lf with thing smut
my aunt unplugs her modem every time she does budget stuff in excel&&newline<flame112> so that the hackers dont find out
my pronouns are dote/doter/dota
sir. we've lost primary pronouns. we're now running entirely on auxilary pronouns
today in lab i calculated the number of moles of something and it was .1488&&newline<jsoh> what was it&&newline<flame112> salt
okcupid here is mostly 18 year old tumblr girls  match.com is mostly 30+ year old women  dating states are fucking useless for me
they legit think all notyourshield people are white and sockpuppet accounts, i had a friend get all fucking spergy and :qq: when i said your fucking stupid if you think they're all white dudes
they take the internet far too serious and really do care about their internet cred / internet persona, a lot of the weird twitter types are like that really take their internet cred serious, like if dril has the shit taken out of him for fucking a dog he'd most likely kill himself
me, the little mermaid is the story of an otherkin girl living in a world that is hostile to otherkin. ariel is a human born into a merperson's body...
me, the little mermaid is the story of an otherkin girl living in a world that is hostile to otherkin. ariel is a human born into a merperson's body...'
it's the freak phone, and here's the party freak. freddy freaker! the dancin' new sensation. headin' up the nation, doin' the freak. call now 1-900-490-freak. join the party, the fast and easy way, to hear what's jammin' from new york to l.a. call now. 1-900-490-freak. whats happenin' whats jammin', party 'til you drop. dial and hear the action, whats hot and whats not. call now. 1-900-490-freak. two dollars a call
are people finally realizing that moneycatte owns
as if people in every historical age have had beauty ideals thrown in their faces the way that happens under capitalism
do i harm them by refusing to compromise with cis reactionaries where they would like to?
http://i.imgur.com/uwdh3wl.png
in any case, the belief that trans = dysphoric is absurdly ahistorical
is lf a truscum hangout now or what
is lf now seems to be in pug costumes and vivian actually believed comedy was counterevolutionary and comedians should be ashamed to assert my imaginary friend?
lol still sore at me for speaking well of monetizeyourcat&&newline<gazpacho> (if you're not, i'd be glad to do it again)
next time i get ops you're gone, fucker
pog nearly banned me last night
the lf irc channel was somehow taken over by a literal nazi who bans me on sight whenever i go in there
while the thread was down i went into the lf irc channel again & got banned forever for expressing approval of one of maggotmaster's tumblr friends, they really hate maggot and everyone connected with her there
yeah man watching someone plumb the depths of dysphoria is so hilarious&&newline<odd> what dysphoria?&&newline<gazpacho> fuck off truscum
.y is noam chomsky a gnome?
groverhouse. death zipline. wet meat. fatty jerky. schrammie
non-man with hypogonadism, micropenis and gynecomastia
!markov daughtry&&newline<acoustickitty> daughtry extend their tour: new shows added
!markov daughtry&&newline<acoustickitty> daughtry extend their tour: new shows added&&newline<goldenliontamarin> hell yeah
'im making people read it out loud before they come in my room'&&newline<goldenliontamarin> hes got a whiteboard with the hope jobs cash joke written on it, and its on his door&&newline<xxsurrealdreamerxx> bless his heart&&newline<goldenliontamarin> this is real life. and it owns
'sour' is starting to seem like coded transmisogyny, the only time i ever see that word is cis women saying trans women are mean
#youknowyouabighoeif im being tortured in a bloody ethnic war mate #sudan
(weezer voice) ooh wee ooh i like to drink my own pee pee. oh oh i eat dog shit off the floor
(fire engines en route to a huge factory explosion stop dead and turn around tires squealing because the call came in that kevins horney again)&&newline<gizmo> in the criminal justice system, crimes involving the removal of kevin's chastity belt are considered especially heinous. in seattle, the dedicated detectives who investigate these prurient misdemeanors are called the mars hill church. these are their stories. [doinkdoink] &&newline<goldenlio
(in the voice of the library card song from the pbs cartoon 'arthur') spraying scud and getting hard, when you have a library card
(taears dad comes across taears fanfiction about him being raped by amazonians) buhhhh
*blondie voice* collar me!!! on the line collar me collar me any any time
*bzzt* we are on the look out for a disabled, non-neurotypical non-binary trans* womyn of color and of size. zhie supposedly has the finished beta version of the arkh pr-there zhie is. get zhyr *gunshots* target eliminated. the gaming world is now free of any independent effort to create a game for queer people of color and all straight white cismen rejoice, all around the world. *bzzt*
*gets onstage to receive the fat femme award* im having so many feels. id like to thank the poc for being generous enough not to kill me even though i deserve it for being white. thank you. thank you all. im sorry if i have offended anyone with this speech
*in rob schneider latino caricature voice* el barto
*sees a turd on the sidewalk, jabs it with the end of a pogo stick, and then turns the pogo stick around so i can suck up the dried shit crumbs like a hoover(tm) vacuuming system. buy one today
*stanley yelnats crawls under sams boat to find zero drinking from century-old jars of sissy milk*&&newline<chairman> wow, a holes joke. remembering the 90s
*throws a copy of the canterbury tales at the wall* wheres the da,mn pee oh cee. cis the fuck down you time of the month bitch cunt ( i can say that)
*walks up to a hot babe in a bonnet and 6 layers of wool clothes* hey bathsheba. i made you a mix cd. its got william mary style, carry on my wayward son, the byob reggae and tubthumping by chumbawamba
4chan is full of half-serious fringe politics, anime, disgusting fetish porn and a hentai-derived obsession with 'traps'. tumblr is that, but they dont say the n-word
<jazzman> no terlets
<~i_love_jahar> ha ha ha ha ha
and i dont want the world to see me.... cause i dont think that theyd understand -the goo goo girls re: multiple oppression
ap: accused cop daniel pantaleo posted online as 'n*ggerstomper58'
african leaders call nsi oy charity project 'one gizmondo per child' an enormous failure
ahh... the pseudo-boricua is going in for surgery... hopefully shes as numb from the anaesthetic as she is to the pain of banned #lf users...
ancient grains / monsanto makes us breathe the roundup in / ancient grains / your purchasing power is literally your only tool of meaningful resistance
as the story would later be told by the anglo-saxon monk and historian bede, gregory was struck by the unusual appearance of the slaves and asked about their background. when told they were called 'anglii' (angles), he replied with a latin pun that translates well into english: wuts dat. is dat like white ppl'
b-b-b-buzzfeedbenny and the jets
bach - pachelbels wootcannon
bad dominicana's i love this bar and grill but it stay talmbout lightskint white ppl & stay givin negresses wrong kind of compliments on their hair
best newegg item to pound off with - posted by hornymanjerek | 1 2 3 ... 777 778 779
brandon, lauren and clara thought going to summer camp on the lake would be a blast- that is, until they discovered the deathfats that swim up from the bottom of the lake at night in search of food. r.l. stine's 'pleasantly plump' coming soon
camptown ladies sing that song. do dah. do dah. camptown racetracks five miles long. also i was gay. -stephen foster
check out fark.com. its the news... but interpreted by the most twisted motherfuckers on the 'intertubes'
chocolate rain.... some are epic fail and some are win.. chocolate rain.... i need a pussy to defecate in
chuck e. cheese was sued by the estate of the late singer john lennon this week
colton colton yes papa. seeing heaven yes papa. telling lies no papa. i had a dead sister ha ha ha
darklink1996 posted: the fatal1ty xtreme gamer mousepad lubricant is great for when you want to keep the goods real greasy for a long and intense session
darwin said that evolution is real, right. how do you know i didnt just evolve into a dragon at age 16 when my parents first let me go on the internet unrestricted
django (mark wahlberg) becomes a slave due to a bureaucratic error and slowly learns to love his fellow slaves, including bongo-bongo (martin lawrence) and kel (kel mitchell), and their crazy antics, eventually helping them break out of their chains
dont sign your posts. the name is signing it. and the post is the poop in a diaper. i think. i need an editor for my irc chats
duke newcombe
every morning i fill up a bucket with salt water and lug it back to the projects in new bedford so the little ones can bathe in it
excuse me. venezuelan proletariat. ive been reading some mao on the 'marxists.org' website in my dorm room and i think ive got some suggestions for you. hables tu ingles?? hables tu postmodernismo??
excuse me. there are no homophobes in the middle of the woods. except bears. they can tell if youre gay from 50 feet
for greate offen?e again?t goodwife sedgwick's honour the towne tarde was put in the ?tockes all ?abbath and a pauper boy harve?ted his droppings
from: saltyboi1989@yahoo.com to: info@dominos.com subject: today i got a large stuffed crust with grilled chicken and peppers
funny how they call it newgrounds but its actually fairly old
gawker: you're looking rather fuckable these days. are you single? tunney: please don't believe lies people spread about me
gender isnt real. also sex isnt real. but im also the wrong gender and sex, which arent real. die in a fire truscum
golden lion tamarin (also known as turdwarlock and hornymantravis) has been a brony since january 2013 and almost instantly came out with a parody of 'fly' by sugar ray. the lyrics are all the same but the guitar part is a midi controller playing pitch shifted samples of fluttershy squealing
grammar rules were created as a way to codify white male and straight privilege, and they hurt people, especially minorities, especially women, especially women of color, especially gender variant women of color, especially gender variant trans women of color, especially gender variant trans women of color with disabilities, especially gender variant trans women of color with visi
hank: yup dale: yup bill: yup bad dominicana: lightskint hick motherfuckers stay sayin yup
hmm... i actually want to jam my pud
hmm... i was wondering why no one was talking to me in here. and then i realized i was in the tab with skybot and ive been sending chats to skybot for an hour
hot chelle rae - tonight tonight (as seen in 'blahhhh')
how can it be a black sheep and simultanoeusly albino. well, it cant. thats jut a taste of the twisted, surreal shit youll find on that website
i agree with this. 'real subtle' bon clay plays into the western cis-hetero-patriarcho kyriarchal whiteness kkkapitalist papist illuminati jew conspiracy at the root of all my problems
i am a female souled lesbian transgender crashing into slumber after years of stress from neanderthal males using me for laughs under lucridicities (lulz) while i try to feed my mother q-sands
i am extremely random. spork. thats a good example of how random i am, the word spork. most people wouldnt say that word in that particular context
i cant believe i got fail aids from fucking a moon rock
i hate justin beiber... i hate high school musical... and dont even get me started on barney
i hate the dang, dirty trolls and their sensory overload-causing game meme run
i love it when mommy force feeds me human feces and then waterboards me wit h dog piss. it makes me so hawt.&&newline<3&&newline<goldenliontamarin> why the fuck am i able to accureately imitate some fucking shiteating adult baby fro mthe internet&&newline<goldenliontamarin> what have i done to my brain
i love surfing the web but not lame sites like yahooligans and club penguin. i only like the twisted shit like consumption junction and ogrish
i love to crap into my ass&&newline<goldenliontamarin> i love doing that. i type something like 'i love to crap into my ass' into here, then i tab away, then i come back and im like what. i didnt type that. it makes no sense&&newline<goldenliontamarin> thats what my life is like
i walk into 7th grade and everyones like lol dude did youy see the new south park. god thats the most twisted and fucked up shit ive ever seen in my life. and im like, well, get a load of this you fucking chodes. i just watched a 160x120 video of a guy getting a bullet shot directly into his urethra
i was bluepilled by misandry-cats-communism. all cis people are whores except your mother and sister. nubians discovered america. chinese people are black. buddhism was invented in the congo
i would always remember that moment for the rest of my life. there i was, 16 years old, wearing an adult diaper and being coddled by winnie cooper on her couch. i wanted that moment to last forever, but it couldn't. [slightly louder, sort of snarling] my brother wayne had to come home. 'what's up, butth- oh. my. god. kevin. i can't believe this. wait until dad hears about this' ahh. wayne. my brot
i'm christian weston chandler, 32, anti-work, anti-jerk, true and honest autistic transfeminine tomgirl (he/his/himself), anti-mary lee walsh insurrectionist, looking for a boyfriend-free girl to make into a sweetheart from the ground-up&&newline<bonclay> looking for an 18-25 year old white or white-passing girl or demigirlfriend.
i'm a non-binary retard. i got aids from fucking hitler's urethra. i shit pee and pee poop
i'm the pee pee man.
i've become the poopy pee pee.
ill have a .....]]]]]] double cheesemurder *dumps a bucket of red paint on mcdonalds cashier* run, moonspirit, run, gaiahawk, back to your dads honda
im a fuckgirl and im also a catgirl and im only good for cooking and cleaning. this is my real identity you have to take seriously and its not just a fucked up dude trying to portray demeaning female stereotypes because of a humiliation fetish
im a sex worker. im polysexual, two-spirted, genderqueer, gay, retarded, homosexual, i have down syndrome, i have a micropenis, theres a golf pencil embedded in my left testicle and it scabbed over so much i cant remove it, one time i shoved a baby carrot up the dogs asshole and my mom took it to the vet and they put him down because they thought his digestive system had failed completely
im gay for toilets
im sick and disabled and unemployed. im a nihilist as well. i exclusively listen to grating 20th century classical music. i shower once a week and i havent flushed my toilet since march because i get anxiety when i start to call a plumber. i scoop the piles of poop out of the toilet with a tupperware bowl and dump it in a trash bag and then febreze the area around the bag. i also love theatre
im soooooooo stupid and gay. i loooooove to eat crap from the toilet and upchuck
im trans-retard. i used to take 10 books out from the library every week. then i saw goatse and now i type poopy pee pee into the computer box
imagine theres no homework... its easy if you try... no stupid math and teachers... that makes you want to die.... imagine all the kid's... living life in peace... woo hoo... imagine all arcade games... tokens a quarter each... all kinds of good ass pizza... are never out of reach
imagine... a world where kids can be kids... where they can run free, away from the shackles of authoritarian adults.... chuck e cheese is open 8am to 8pm every day
in a parallel universe instead of sonic being in the games its sanic. and sonic is the bad drawing that we laugh at. really makes you think about how insignificant it all is
in a world...... where slaves are languishing out in the fields, in need of a white savior... circumstance places one man in a position he never expected to be in *record scratch* [django (rob schneider) walks in on hundreds of slaves dancing to 'rapper's delight']
indigo children, according to a pseudoscientific new age concept, are children who are believed to possess special, unusual and sometimes supernatural traits or abilities.&&newline<goldenliontamarin> the new aspergers&&newline<medical> oh my god&&newline<medical> i think i was an indigo boy
its itme for a meeting. everyone into the conference room. how are we going to combat the rumors started by diap bloc that we sell adult diapers instead of securities and implications
its just one of those days. when you dont wanna wake up. turk and greek are fuck. everybody sucks
its messed up, man. its like they draw these lines around people, and say 'words mean things, and you cant just change their definitions as it suits you and expect everyone to take you seriously'&&newline<goldenliontamarin> its fucked up, but its also true
its not individual tall people that i hate. just tallness as a hegemonic force
ive got some extreme pain, and i need a years supply of hydrocodone. fuck the gatekeepers. this is so, so important
july 1998. i log on to aol for the first time and join the teen chatroom. coolsk8r immediately asks me if my name means heil hitler. i log off and refuse to use a computer until 2006 when i heard you can look up yaoi on there
king crim$$$on
le me, using le epic masamune to filet a hip hop thug trying to play the knockout game on me on my way to golden corral
liam o'bde - vice president of discovering and identifying eurofascists, french spies and pseudoblacks (vpodaiefsap), november security and investigations oy
military advisor: how do you expect us to conquer the entirety of brittannia william, duke of normandy: well, w- court jester: very carefully
mass diaper very wet for mmommy. can i poo my pants at the pooping #eurofascists #snitch #eto #akg #uak #kbu #eritrea #djibouti
matt and trey's rally for truth is in the middle&&newline<goldenliontamarin> as an incredibly wealthy and famous straight white dude, i just think that people on all sides are too worked up about politics. just, sort of chill, you know. the status quo isnt so bad
me and sonja burpo, [borat voice] my waife [regular voice] could do nothing but pray to god that our little boy would pull through
medical treatment should be free for everyone under universal health care, and also, you should be able to diagnose yourself with whatever you want and get every kind of medication over the counter&&newline<goldenliontamarin> this is so, so important,
my grandpa was in auschwitz as a nazi guard. and he died in auschwitz because he fell out of a guard tower into the mass of jews. and the other guards mistook him for a jew and put him in the ovens. i forgot what the first part of this joke was and i cant see it because of the single line text editor
my younge?t son was diagno?ed with down syndrome, bringing upon us a greate bounty of nouri?hment from his frequent poope. my daughters are ta?ked with feeding him prunes and honey to increa?e his yield
navy sailors are the most rugged men on earth.. they drink gasoline and piss exhaust fumes. they eat poop and crap out food. they wash themselves with sweat and their skin makes soap when they get hot
oh lord.... im huffing some major musk off my prick here..... yikes this stuff wafts like a motherfucker. major stinkshow. im just over here slapping my hog around and spraying load after load of greasy scud all over my computer desk... i hope mom gives the cleaning lady a big christmas bonus this year because shes gonna deserve it after cleaning this mess up..... yikes
ooga booga: confronting the colonial gaze in chandler's erotica
previously, the action figure box read 'figrin d'an and his band love to grab their saxophones, get 'horned up' and then jizz all over the place'
principles of marxism-leninism: 1. the fat man talk funny 2. doing work is actually bad 3. when the revolution comes everyone you dont like online will be killed
queer fat femme. i love tea, cats and misandry. i worship queen bey. i purchase tanks of pure fart gas on the internet and inhale it until i begin hallucinating from oxygen deprivation
queer femme trashwytch. vegan. retarded. i have down syndrome. i refuse to wipe my ass for ideological reasons.
remember that vice article about the guy who broke into the wall opposite a bar urinal so he could stick his head under it and drink all the piss. well, guess who that was. ............... i bet you thought i was going to say todd starnes. well, youre wrong. it was me
scored a fat load of rp (retard poop) in the se (special ed) br (bathroom) t (today). chewin on a fat ass chunk right now. god only knows what this kid has been eating. i know hes in a wheelchair so his sphincter is probably super weak
seattle seahawks... i see hawks and i eat em. i wonder what kind of 'bowl' it is lol. a weed bowl
some fuckin bigot cop called 'officer maggot' pulled us over and spit on my wifes face and made her drink his piss and then tattooed a number on her arm and put her in a concentration camp. anyway please send me money so i can continue drawing pictures of cartoon characters wearing diapers
suspect #1: goes by 'the baldman'. prone to getting mad. location: finland. suspect #2: 'old salty'. likely to be in the frozen food aisle. can be bribed with box wine. suspect #3: 'fabio'. last seen in the johannesburg hilton. will respond to fake dating profiles of african women with large amounts of unsolicited personal info
taco puttin on the ritz: place one teaspoon of ground beef, one teaspoon of beans and one teaspoon of diced tomatoes in between two ritz (tm) crackers for a fun snack that would have been fairly fucking topical for two weeks in the 80s
ten years ago  ,we had steve job, bob jonb, job hope
terrorist memes&&newline<goldenliontamarin> they hate our freedom... but they love our memes
that awkard moment when your mom finds your stach of velp and you have to buy more groach from sushcody at his house and he always talks to you about phish for 20 minutes before getting the blunky
the #eurotrash #dickwolves are #epicraeping afrikan #eritrea #nsi #tcot #illhueminati
the local elementary school got a restraining order against me so i have to drive into the next county but its worth it. once i went a week only eating regular poop and it was like going from high quality smack to licking residue off the cap of a bottle of codeine cough syrup
the quantum what.... just tell me if green hill zone is real in a parallel universe and someday there going to invent spaceships so i can run through it at mega speed like ive been training for
the three most effective means of weed consumption, ranked by effectiveness, are as follows: 1. eating the raw weed whole 2. weed milk 3. microwaved weed sandwich
the year is 2050. billy crystal is being lowered into the ground when i speed through a crowd of his friends and family in full blackface riding a bass boat outfitted with jetpacks. 'can you dig that'
this is pamperchu with my latest dumpstered baby diaper. one luvs large extra absorbent night time diaper, slight fecal residue. price before taaaaaaaaaaaaax: free
this is the logical conclusion of fyad jokeman irony. its uhh [remembers being friends with moewytchdog who literally raped multiple people and didnt just send dick pics] uhh. [deletes twitter]&&newline<chairman> you see, the things moewytchdog does are immaterial, because why are you attacking helpless trans girls, fucklord
to any white teens who feel uncomfortable reading about peopel getting tear gassed: you are so, so important. i love you. please look at a picture of a kitten. dont work too hard
today is a great today to remember that timeless speech... the one that turned americas attention to the plight of the southern black man..... billy crystal at comic relief 2006
tooday we harve?ted ten bushells of the poope of the towne invalid
ugh..... a high school class in iowa is using my blog post in their class... now i have to convince my followers to harass twenty 16 year olds.... lord, provide me with the spoons to do this
uhh hurr durr hurf de durf i care about the aesthetics of a phone case. im a fancy boy. (drops phone and it breaks) hughuu.... (voice gradually getting more retarded and loud until i sound like a death metal singer) hauuguhh.. dauufuguh...huauuguughhgh
we must secure the existence of our people and a future where we no longer experience that feel when no gf
werd al - like a boss (funny!!!!)
what does my preferred habit for laying on a big couch and my feminism have in common. there both intersectional. baba booey
what if his name was donald fuck. and he had sex&&newline<goldenliontamarin> what if it was super mario bros and fuck hunt. and you shot cum with the light gun isntead of detecting light on the screen&&newline<chairman> what if it was named washington, d.fuck and they all fucked, a lot, like in the white house
what if it was fuck dynasty. and instead of shooting ducks they had sex. just food for thought&&newline<chairman> what if it was buck dynasty and it cost a dollar
whats the procedure that creates the cells necessary for sexual reproduction 'meiosis. but i wouldnt know, though. i mean, thats just not really my thing. i dont know anything about it. im demibiromantic asexual. thank you'
when highly active tumblr users go to barnes & noble, we never see ourselves represented in the books there. this is an independent effort to change that. to start off, we need only $25,000. this is for the compiling of posts into a word document. phase two will require an additional $25,000
when i talk about chavs nicking me bollocks and blood pudding and rogering me bum at tescos. its out of a deep love for my ethnic background&&newline<goldenliontamarin> blimey... cromwell nicked me throne
when you see it, your frist thought is probably what does fark mean. thats not even a word. then it sinks in. its a way to cuss without people knowing. and thats basically how they got their name. and the website itself is good too
whitehouse.gov petitions > change all letters to 'y' as a rejection of the hystyrycyl pytryyrchyl yppryssyyn yf wyymyyn
wierd al - i'm on a boat b*tch (clean)
with these new services, the nsi team will in the future include international experts. as of 2013, liam o'brien will serve as vice operations manager and steven defrias as marketing specialist and business analyst. the ceo of nsi is- get this-- gangnam style!!!!!!
wow. it looks like that word i just looked up is associated with light-skinned people of european descent, which leads me to dismiss it as 'white-ass shit'.
yeah, i eat italian meats. hahaha. yeah, because im definitely not ideologically opposed to consuming any italian products because i hate their disgusting wop culture. not
yeah, im down here in unit 32b. im a redcoat being forcibly quartered in one of your residences here and im about to have some guys come in and tear down a few walls in here. just wondering if all these rafters on the ceiling are necessary because im running low on lumber here. no i have permission. king george iii gave me permission. yes. he is authorized. im looking at a digital signature
yeah, my non-gendered parental unit said i have autism. the doctor said i'm normal but i trust mom more. i'd ask her about it but she's busy with a 16-hour marathon of doctor who
yo soy genderfluid. me llamo aidyn. tu eres muy problematico
you know why they call it the atari 5200. becuase you turn around 5200 degrees and vomit profusely
your result for the anime slut test ...&&newline<goldenliontamarin> succubus&&newline<goldenliontamarin> you're a shameless little tease and you like it.
your result for the dirty slut test ...&&newline<goldenliontamarin> nasty slut!!&&newline<goldenliontamarin> you are 96% dirty slut.. hmm.
[ikarti's] twitter is like one of those insane people you find tweeting in all caps at justin bieber about chemtrails 300 times a day, except less coherent
[obama watching sociology lecture] 'kill' [clock suddenly changes an hour ahead and lecturer appears on the other side of the room] 'white people'
[a la hank hill in the youtube poop] isis....... sisi [camera zooms in on thomas friedmans face]
[crying mother giving eulogy at funeral for dead child] i just dont know how im supposed to go on with my life me, standing up in back row: very carefully
[eddie money - take me home tonight voice] yapping dogs outside. im gonna make you pay for the stuff you buy. yapping dogs outside. ahh just like eddie said... you guys are so got damn fuckin unprofessional
[eddie money - two tickets to paradise voice] ive got... four truckloads of lawn supplies. wont you call off the dogs outside. ive got four truckloads of lawn supplies. ive got four truckloads of lawn supplies
[forrest gump voice, in reference to homosexual anal intercourse] it felt like something came up and bit me. on the butt-tocks
[in an extremely deadpan, almost unbelievably snarky voice] i think you mean animÈ.
[in avgn voice when seeing something slightly weird] what kind of fuckin drugs were they on??? freakin crack????
[in the voice of watto from the phantom menace] ehh... the chunky panty?? i like... i want to eat .. ehheheh... they come. they no buy. why nobody buy
[poorly balancing on stilts] i am extremely fit and i qualify for reproduction under the eugenics project
[puts on muscle bra with want transwoman scrawled on it and walks around kids playground]
[rachel maddow voice] users... blippo [squints at teleprompter] blim- blimpo [looks off to side]
[runs up to john brown on the gallows and chucks a box of ally cookies at him]
[shrim guy voice, but about the low carb guys] they only eat the softest meats
[timothy leary voice] tune in, chive on, and chimp out
[to the tune of 'jessies girl'] i wanna suck on hitlers balls. i wanna suck on hitlers balls. why cant i pee into my own ass
[to the tune of blink 182 - all the small things] my wife. my wife. my wife. my wife. my wife, my wife. my wife... my wife. say it aint so. i will not go. rideing in bus... with fraternity bros
[to the tune of fleetwood mac - the chain] if you dont love me now you will never love me again / i can still hear you saying you would never plape the tane
[to the tune of foreigner - hot blooded] pee poopy. im checkin to see. ive got a fever of poop and of pee
[to the tune of ted nugent - cat scratch fever] i drink pee pee. nah nah nah. i drink pee pee. nah nah nahnah
[tries to pole vault and the pole breaks in half under my 400lb weight and i land on the bottom half and it goes up my asshole] ahh fuck, i cant believe ive done this
[w/r/t jussi baldman -ed] baldness is genetic. he comes from a long line of bald men, men so bald it superseded their profession, disqualifying them from a surname like 'porter', 'sawyer' or 'carpenter'
a guy from my hs got married and he wore jorts to his own wedding&&newline<goldenliontamarin> the wedding was outdoors in front of a horse pen
a mike moulton video started autoplaying on my facebook feed and its him doing pelvic thrusts and piss and shit are flying out of the sides of his diaper. jesus fukcing christ almighty
a mother brings a package of diapers up to hnastys counter and he starts breathing heavy and gives her a death glare
a world where your parents try to force you to sit on the computer all day and take pictures of yourself and make up words to describe how unique you are, and you just want to wear a damn suit and get a job. fuck you genderneutral parent #1. fuck you genderneutral parent #2
another thing i have coffee
another thing i remember, as well, is coming to school in 8th grade and telling all my friends about rickrolling&&newline<goldenliontamarin> that was the week rickrolling was invented. i was so exciteda bout it
as the country of venezuela mourns its leader and struggles to rebuild its political system, one man from new bedford arrives to rub salt in their wounds
back then they said watto was an antisemitic caricature. but i love him, and i think hes the best character in star wars
bad dominicana cant go out in public because she sees street signs and starts screaming about how she came up with 'no u-turns' and they plagiarized her
before cultural marxism the games werent pc and we loved it. like when in all the ghostbusters games for nes it was just the 3 white ghostbusters and the black guy was left out of the game
bruce willis in a forever 21 'lol do u like the brutal deadly oppression fat people, especially fat trans women of color, have to deal with every single fucking day' *bruce starts krumping* *the cops start smoking weed*
can 'fido' the megaknotted houndpounder cut through a boot full of meat. warning: this bad boy aint neutered
chris-chan in a short skirt, bending over and revealing his dirty, crapped briefs. picture it. picture it in 1080p
cody told me you legally changed your name to faggot retard, and personally i think thats just really stupid. and not even in an ironic way, its just a really stupid, brainless thing to officially and legally change your name to
damn chairman. they refunded my money because they sent the package addressed to brumbpo tungus all the way back to japan
do you think erdogan is living an irony-free life
eating a bunch of minie balls to get your weight up so you can get your ssbbw certification >>>>
european society owned. i want to live in strict puritan new england. i want to be put in the stocks
female sexuality is demonized, which is when i, a bearded man, start playing with my penis on the subway, get dirty looks
for like the first month i had a twitter all i posted was stuff i made up about tim allen shitting his pants and then dying and his kids had to clean a bunch of shitfilled dad jeans out of his house
fucked up that english is a cross between old german, french and celtic. someone should have told the people back then its racist to appropriate it
fucking a grizzly is the end boss of being a mountain man. if you can pull it off you win&&newline<goldenliontamarin> you get a forest named after you
going troon is like a rite of passage for every fucked up 30 year old nerd who lives with his mom
habbo hotel is a place where dumping 'fail aids' into the pool is both funny and acceptable
he will probably get his ass kicked. i remember one time when i was 9 or 10 i pointed out something stuck to a kids jeans and they said i was looking at his ass and im gay. and they continued to say i was gay for like 6 months... the kid who said i was gay is in jail now because he attempted to stab his dad to death. whos laughing now
hitler loads all the deathfats in germany onto train cars to bring them to concentration camps but the trains just make sparks on the tracks and go 2mph
how many people die filming ball-punching porn. i hope its nonzero
http://i.imgur.com/jqfpt9r.png
i am not losing no fight to no pug out there in no ghetto. period. thats it. no son of a bitch out there is gonna get me. the only way he gets me is cuttin my head off and i mean that. ill fight you til i got a breath left in me. i dont think any of those animals in that street can beat me
i called t he ra on the drunk guy who was in the bathroom across the hall vomiting for like 2 hours straight punctuated by goin gno no no no no like the nonono cat. the rescue people came and took his vital signs and i listened by the door to the abject humiliation i was putting this degenerate freshman turd through. eat shit and die idiot. but i dont feel bad because medical amnesty means he cant get in trouble
i came in here to talk about poop. and now i am poop. and so is my posts
i cant wait until the college students try to decolonize western mass and i get to be scalped and carried off to canada like my noble ancestors
i clicked on a lostprophets video to see if all the comments are about how the singer fucked a baby. and they are all about that
i febreze my pussy like 5 times a day but it still smells like horse manure
i feel physically ill from looking at the bugs on the dicks
i follow like 10 different arabic rage comic facebook pages
i found some interesting things online
i found someone in my family tree named gaylord. that slays
i fucking hate antpocas. i hope he goes to hell
i get tempted to shout very carefully a lot but i have more self-restraint now than when i was in 8th grade and kept shouting thats what she said at teachers in class
i got an dishonorable discharge because i started crying after a group of afghani preteens stole my pocket pussy
i got suspended from twitter for dming goatse to the american enterprise institute
i had a dream that i was supposed to meet fermata in a home depot parking lot but she wasnt there and there were all these pugs standing guard. i think they had guns. then i went into home depot
i have 166 reddit karma... this is so nuts&&newline<goldenliontamarin> how many do i need to get one of those statues they sent to the pedophile
i have a number of mental illnesses and none of them are like being trans. im really done interacting with shitstains such as yourself.&&newline<goldenliontamarin> we know you have a number of mental illnesses, tumblr user. thanks for the reminder though
i have a very complex relationship with blink-182
i have feelings like rage, adn hate all the time. especially for my teachers, parents, and authority in general. fuck micro$oft. thats why i listen to corn and limp biscuit
i have street fighter 2 for snes. one time i played it for like 8 hours. that was the last time i played it because i got sweaty and angry
i have ten kids and none of thme go to school. they stay home and farm wow gold in exchange for sips of bawls energy drink and gamer grub pizza bites
i hope someone gest a pair of dirty, crapped briefs out of the laundry, and scans them. not takes a pictureo f them, but scans them, and squishes them in a flat bed scanner and smushes up al lthe poop and gets it all over the place and it makes a sound like stepping in mud with a giant boot
i just got a phone call from khawaga about how 10 years ago we had steve jobs bob hope and johnny cash and now we have no hope no jobs and no cash&&newline<tsinava> i got that phone call too &&newline<goldenliontamarin> i hope we dont lose kevin bacon. thats all i can say&&newline<goldenliontamarin> lmao is he calling his entire address book
i just remembered some thread on fucking gamefaqs or something like 10 years ago where some idiot bought weed and decided to make it into a sandwich and microwave the sandwich. and everyone was laughing at him for wasting a bunch of weed. and now im laughing at it and it makes my chest hurt because i destoryed my chest ralphing
i know a guy who shaved his pubes into a swastika in high school and showed everyone. i tried to date his younger sister but she didnt like me
i love my local police force because they post all the mugshots on facebook and i get to 'lol' at idiots i used to work with at mcdonalds who got arrested for dealing heroin
i love pamperchu. hes an electronics genius who shits his pants
i love rainforest noises. i love to feel like im in the middle of an unforgiving wilderness full of poison dart frogs, anacondas and jaguars. this is relaxing to me
i love seeing kirk johnsons stretched asshole from a different angle. its like hearing an alternate take of your favorite song
i love to get my gamer grub and bawls energy drink and listen to 10 hours of am talk radio
i love to have the extremely correct belief that not only were all poc environmental experts who always had sustainable resource management, but europe had industrial era practices since the beginning of time
i love to pull out my phone in public and see its a text that says 'my pussy is a fucking turd ass' and then i have to tilt my phone away
i made a new tinder where all my pics have embarrassing shit in the background. my default one has the wikihow page for 'how to eat roadkill' behind me&&newline<goldenliontamarin> im really hitting it off&&newline<goldenliontamarin> actually hold on the girl i had a crush on all through high school liked to pick up roadkill and cook and eat it&&newline<goldenliontamarin> im subconsciously projecting my own desires unto others...
i only like some reggae. not the shit about bitches blunts and bling. only the stuff about byob
i really want to own a harpsichord
i remember in 5th grade the teacher asked what the first thing columbus said when he reached the americas was. and this kid raised his hand and said 'in 1492 columbus sailed the ocean blue' and everyone laughed at him and he started crying
i remember on gamefaqs in 2005 or whatever there was a mod who was ~28 and he woudl make these threads where he would do *glomps* on all the people who replied&&newline<goldenliontamarin> it was weird then. and its weird now
i remember sending copies of the o rly owl to random printers in my middle school in 8th grade&&newline<goldenliontamarin> i thought that was really funny&&newline<goldenliontamarin> actually its still pretty funny&&newline<goldenliontamarin> i was in 8th grade in 2005-2006 so the o rly owl was passe by then. but i didnt give a fuck
i remember there being jailbait threads all the time, but all the girls were actually like 3 years older than the average age of the posters there&&newline<goldenliontamarin> gamefgaqs.
i remember watching scary movie 3 when i was 13 and watching the part where fake 8 mile eminem opens the stall in the bathroom and barfs all over a guy pooping&&newline<goldenliontamarin> ver and over&&newline<goldenliontamarin> barfing on a guy whos pooping. its genius
i remember when eight crazy nights came out when i was in 4th grade and all the kids thought it was cool as shit&&newline<goldenliontamarin> i remember one kid being like 'i sort of look like adam sandler.... dont i??' because he was so infatuated
i remember when i listened to the kreayshawn album and one of the songs had a synth line that sounded exactly like the silver surfer opening screen
i saw a picture of dotcommunism once and shes the spitting image of frank zappa
i self-diagnosed myself with autism, fibromyalgia, bipolar disorder, multiple personality disorder, and morgellons because i think that my dad, who is a psychiatrist, might think im weird, if i tell him i might have a disorder
i shop at a local, family owned heath food market. because i am gay&&newline<fermata> *picks up can of eden prarie black beans* i find sexual intercourse with another man to be the only form of intercourse pleasuring
i should have put all my money into the stupid bitcoin clone based on an old meme, the day it opened. why i was i cursed with good judgement
i spent like half an hour laughing about the byob reggae this morning. i was walking around the house laughing about it
i spent like half an hour with my friend a few days ago playing sonic 06 and saying my wife in borat voice. this is my life
i still cant believe the byob reggae is real&&newline<goldenliontamarin> then again in 2007 i recorded a song about gamefaqs
i still feel angrey about having contributed two sentences to the buzzfeed weird twitter article
i think ive said this before but my lifelong dream is to go to an open mic and say im gonna do some impressions for you tonight. [long pause] my waiife. my waiiife. very nice. hahaha. that was borat. thanks everyone and then walk off. and do this same routine every open mic until they tell the bouncers to hit my pressure points and throw my limp body into the dumpster if they see me
i think ive told this story before, but in 6th grade the kid whos in jail for stabbing his dad, convinced another kid to run into the girls bathroom and buy a tampon, and when he ran out of the bathroom holding a tampon, the janitor was right there, and he got suspended. the tampon kid works at a pizza place now. the janitor is probably dead
i think of bonclay when i hear the wind rustling the treetops, the songbirds chirping, the frogs hopping from lilypad to lilypad. its so wonderful
i used to know a guy who was a big name on the fashion board on 4chan. he starved himself by eating nothing but fast food once a week and one time he carved a girls name into his stomach on stickam
i used to worry about these people talking about me or thinking im a horrible bigot transphobe who wants to mow down poc and woc. but now i dont give a shit. i want nothing to do with the online left in any capacity
i want t oget exiled from tumblr for misgendering voltorb
i want to be forever known as 'the borat guy'
i want to be ratchet&&newline<goldenliontamarin> help me become fairly fucking ratchet
i want to fuck terri schiavo
i want to grow up in a colonial reenactment village. i want ot mack on some hot babes in bonnets and go to school to learn basic arithmetic, the bible, and a heathy sense of shame
i want to hate turky for the rset of my life. defend kurdistan and drink miller lite
i want to put diarrhea into your mouth and then tape your mouth shut
i want to ralph on a bronys dick
i was in a comic book store with my friend af ew weeks ago and i almost got kicked out for yodeling
i was looking through census papers and my great great great grand uncle was listed as being idiotic&&newline<goldenliontamarin> seems ableist
i wish i was a sa mod. i want to know the thrill of banning people for being creepy about anime
i wish i wasnt in the fucking west... i wish i was in the exotic orient, where theyre fine with you spending 12 hours a day on tumblr whining about tanky`s and posting pictures of your cockroach tattoo
i wonder how much it would cost to have someone build me a miniature neogothic cathedral on a cheap lot in the middle of nowhere
i wonder how old grovers children are now&&newline<goldenliontamarin> im picturing them around age 10-12. and an art teacher brings in a picture from art class to the guidance counselor. and its grovers sons drawing of his house. and they look at it and say his mind must be operating at a kindergarten level to think a house looks like that and send him to a special school
i wonder if fattitudeproblem has ever cacked her trousers and burst through a pair of underwear at the same time
id rather sit in a gothic cathedral alone for 3 hours than go to a megachurch where a guy with a macklemore haircut plays music that sounds like coldplay if someone asked them to tone it down
if i had a few months to live id do all the things ive always wanted to do but was afraid of the consequences. id join the nazi party. id shit my pants in public. id go into the park and tell people their dog sucks ass
if i was a dog id be whichever kind shits on the carpet the most
if white people make movies from asian, african, native american, etc. stories, its cultural appropriation because only peopel from those groups can make movies of their culture. also, if they make movies of european stories, its also racist, because no one in europe at any point was ever white. white people spontaneously appeared in 1800
if you cant fuck a hot anime babe then become one. trans is a feel. i chose 2 be gay
ikartis facebook and twitter are realyl funny, beacuse hes unable to carry on a conversation with anyone for more than 30 seconds without getting really bitter and negative and ranty, and then the other person is like woah woah calm down dude
im a fat femme juggalo and i. am. not. sorry.
im a superlesbian
im basically a baby genius except im not as smart, and movie critics hate me even more
im eating lean cuisine #littlensithings
im glad these people are offended by common words, because they deserve to feel bad all the time
im going back to high school so i can turn it into a disgusting gas chamber of liquid ass
im going to be mailed m&ms
im going to buy the biggest ford pickup truck i can find, and then people are going to laugh when this tiny man steps out of it
im going to ralph into my own ass using a garden hose, and then im going to get a prostate exam and fart out a bunch of puke chunks on the doctors arm. then hes going to punch me in the ass
im going to record the entire ring cycle onto hitclips
im going to write the fermata biography and whether or not you end up having a long fruitful career im still going to dedicate the first 2/3 of the book to stuff like the byob reggae and gbs-fm and the penn and teller game
im in a state of total disbelief at the horrid stench emanating from my own genitalia
im laughing at depression quest. it owns, because it doesnt do anything to educate people about depression. because the only people who play shitty artsy text adventure games already let depression control their lives
im licking the toilet plunger like a lollipop. the song by little wayne is about me licking the toilet plunger
im like the homestuck fascist except im the wagner fascist. which isnt unique or funny
im pacing myself. week 1: crap. week 2: crap with small amounts of poop week 3: poop week 4: doody week 5: the whole shebang. caca. dookie. diaper gravy. montezumas revenge
im paying children to shit on a greased up slip 'n' slide and im catching the turds in my mouth at the bottom
im proud of my heritage of people ingesting poop nonstop, all the time, and ralphing up the poop
im reminded of that one lady who was dying of a disease and she spent the last few months of her life arguing with people in her ask box about how oppressed people with invisible disabilities are compared to people with visible ones&&newline<goldenliontamarin> that was just sad
im searching twitter for 'antiblackness' and mashing the follow button on every result until i get carpal tunnel
im seirously losing my shit over here imagining someone fucking sitting in their yard and all these people come by and pick fruit from their tree while stretching their eyes sideways every day because someone typed 'gook look'
im sick of self-awareness. i want to be a libertarian atheist gamer who thinks 'hitler is a libertarian' and 'mario makes kids smoke crack' is real, and gets mad about it. i want the simple life
im standin on top of bucking'am palace... had a wee bit to drink and im screamin oi mate... im genderfluid to all of london as one o' 'em guards with the fuzzy hats uses his baton to knock me in the bollocks
im talkign to this really hot mixed race transwoman in new bedford named stephanie. but she keeps bringing up seawater processing for some reason&&newline<fermata> transmedicalist idealogy is whiteassshit
im trying to think about 17th century class dynamics but im having trouble because i ate a bunch of robitussin
im wearing a daiapmer
im whistling the bum bum song and thinking about odd diving into a pool of diarrhea with a scuba mask and not even holding the tube above water. just inhaling the diarrhea through the mask and loving every minute of it. then he got out of the water and coughed up the diarrhea all over his nude dick
im yelling free v nasty until my throat is raspy
in 2007 kevins chastity belt was removed for just one hour and in that span of time he impregnated 27 women
in 8th grade i found the ventrilo server a kid from my school who always cried in class played wow on and i plugged in my guitar and just played guitar onto the voice chat while hge was trying to talk until he started crying&&newline<goldenliontamarin> he dropped out of high school to smoke weed and now he works at a hardware store
in h-nastys bodega / listening to lou bega / banning diapercrew trolls from the rite as fuck bloc
in the late 1700s there was a religious cult in my town started by this discharged british soldier who claimed to be a prophet and made everyone become a vegan but the movement ended because some asshole guy got pissed and punched the guy in the face at church. the asshole guy was also responsible for burning a black guys hay down because he was racist and then the governor of vermont declared he had to go to prison&&newline<goldenliontamar
individual people get more donations than charities. so crowdfunding in the internet age creates this imbalanced thing where millions of people are in horrible situations but only a few of them make it on the news and they get an insane amount of money
into jane seymour.... the old one who henry viii killed. i know this sounds twisted to fuck a dead person, but, well , thats the kind of fucked up shit you can expect from me online
irony has failed me this time
it probably started before there were 51 states&&newline<highfong> yeah&&newline<goldenliontamarin> wait. 50&&newline<goldenliontamarin> ah fuck. ive pulled an obama
it was on /r/cringe. i have a tab open to reddit. kill me
it would be cool to get enterovirus as well as ebola at the same time
it would be cool to piss in a bottle and poke a tiny hole in the bottom and put it above the ceiling tiles in the apartment so it slowly drips out and no one knows what the smell is
it would be funny, to me, if twine became known as a platform for games about antisemitism and mens rights, instead of getting endless positive press because people make 3 minute games putting you in the shoes of someone with irritable bowel syndrome
its actually really good to join the kkk and have a one inch penis&&newline<goldenliontamarin> you can quote me on that
its also cool that people think it had a 'trajectory' when its actually been the sames hit all along, they just got more stupid from talking to idiot echo chamber people
its cool that all the old stuff that we thought was sexist, like prostitution and rap videos that objectify women, are actually the most feminist things imaginable. really makes you think
its fucked u;p that theres a such thing as a hate crime. when a white kills a black, its a hate crime. when a black kills a white, its called benghazi and hes allowed to stay in office
its messed up that you have to use one google account for all the same stuff. why cant i have a gmail account for real life people, and then a youtube accoutn for videos of dogs pooping backwards
its only because of, like, the man, that dad keeps yelling that hes not going to pay for me to watch tv shows online for the rest of his life because of my self diagnosed social anxiety disorder
its really cool when people post serious opinions on twitter and then its surrounded by tweets of pokemon porn and saying they have 12 different mental disorders and everyone in real life refuses to talk to them&&newline<goldenliontamarin> im definitely going to consider these hot ass takes
its sickening that the namesake of a us state has been reduced to pizza commercials
its soooo good to alternate between studying space shit no one cares about and whining about christ tards
ive had it with doctors telling us what to do about being possessed by demons. its time to hear it from our perspective. theres nothing inherently wrong with demonic posseshyrehh zzxyrzny kill kill kill kill kill kill kill
ive now goatsed roughly 10 nyu students
ive quit speedruns. i died to the kid who says 'i love shorts. theyre comfy and easy to wear'. twice
iw ant vinyl to feed me mashed up lean cuisines through a straw in my inflatable batman bondage suit&&newline<khawaga> *in batman voice* mrmmhh brhhmrnnnff
john podhoretz blocked me for saying i wanted to upchuck into his asshole
just messaged someone whose okcupid profile had 'demisexual' as the seventh word
kapp'n farted on the boat and then sang a song about how he toots more than just his horn
klichka commited suicide by looking at a pile of poop and having a heart attack because his mom pawned his computer for farmville tokens
kramer, bowser, who will be the next 1990s icon to say the n-word. kelsey grammer? knuckles the echidna
laci green is extremely gross and problematic and im really fucking pissed that she has an audience 1000x bigger than fat-femme-anarcha-whovian, even though ffaw is far fatter and uglier
lapd guy is hiding at my house. i have his dick hooked up to a breast pump and im basically running a sissy milk dairy in exchange for his safety
last summer when i workedin the yankee candle factory i would pass the time by going through hot piss in my head over and over
lf revealed to me a whole new depth to the absurdity of human culture and behavior
lf revealed to the english language to learn
lindsay is tsundere for kevin. both of them are unbelievably horny. its fucked up but its true&&newline<lindso> ew&&newline<lindso> pls do not joke about this&&newline<goldenliontamarin> whos joking
link spends the whole game in his treehouse in kokiri forest stomping on the floor and yelling about fairy-having privilege
linkin park is so good
m4w - musklover in muskogee - looking for a genuine unshowered lady who lets her private area get real hairy and real greasy. im talking fungal growth here. yeast and the whole shebang. no bullshitters. i can tell when you just rubbed a rotting halibut on your labes. i wasnt born yesterday. this must be at your place as my 12 sons constantly ask me for food while im in the house
man every time i say i like fall out boy everyone thinks i have awful taste in music
mark driscoll has gone off the straight path and thats why he got kicked otu of the church. and as kevin is more devoted to mark himself than god, kevin has now strayed from the straight path as well. and hes one of those dang, dirty homo retarded retard bastards
maybe you should drop a massive, heavy, dense, 3-inch thick (thick motherfuckers) log only for their vices, that that existed as a lark: 'it's hot as fuck bloc'
messed up. i searched for herbert prick and i found one guy named that in the 1940 census. but it turns out it was just a text scanning error and his name was herbert price&&newline<khawaga> jesus dude. im sorry&&newline<goldenliontamarin> what a letdown
most of the time i eat peanut butter directly out of the jar with a plastic fork
my #1 life goal is to chug a red bull can full of manymanywolves piss
my favorite combat liberalism experience was probably when some white vegan maoist guy told moewytchdog to kill herself because she ate a hamburger and then people said he was an idiot and thne he had a meltdown and said he doesnt care about alienating his friends or family because of his beliefs and how hes willing to die for them&&newline<glt> and i made fun of that guy
my favorite thing he did was when he sent me a zip file full of romhacks he did and it was every nes game but with the title screen changed to nude and the characters were all nude
my gender, and my favorite blink-182 song, changes day by day. sometimes im male and i like 'dammit', and sometimes im female, and i like 'whats my age again', and sometimes i have no gender. theres just no gender, and when im genderless, i like to liste nto 'all the small things'
my name on facebook is now prick using the indonesian name change trick
my pussy taste like gorgonzola
my sister was talking about how she printed out a doge meme and hung it up at school, which is basically identical to how i was in 8th grade
my twitter feed, as predicted, has a bunch of crap about drew toothpaste saying peopel get too offended about jokes online&&newline<goldenliontamarin> lots of angry replies to his tweets. i see an anime avatar person talking about murdering drew toothpaste
my wife came home with a short mommish haircut- her beautiful locks severed, scythed off like a field of wheat to feed the hungry mouths of cultural marxists... she walked in the door to find me on my knees, my expression blank, my face pallid and ghostly, and all i could utter was one phrase- a single phrase summing up my disgust with cultural degeneration encroaching on my home: 'im kevin lol'
neoliberalism is gay. just kidding. it rules *chugs a dew and smashes the can into computer screen causing the lcd to shatter*
now im laughing at the idea of the fatk id from the sandlot saying the great bambino then pulling his pants down to reveal a giant diaper. i made that joke like 2 years ago and im still laughing at it&&newline<goldenliontamarin> all the other kids are like augghgh&&newline<goldenliontamarin> the dog on the other side of the fence smells it and runs away whimpering
oi m8 tumbah txt is a bit rubbish eh... lit'rally a bit too problematic for me and the lf brits... my mate liam ova here is a two-spirit demisexual fat femme sex worker and zes a bit peeved at you slaggin zim off , govnah
on multiple occasions ive searched for something on youtube about an old game system or whatever and then i start watching a video and its completely normal and then halfway through i realize its fucking pamperchu
on the first day of community college you have to find the biggest guy in there and punch him in the face
one
one time a girl posted a link to 'hell yeah' by rev theory on facebook and i said it was good, ironically, then she said if i was being serious and i said yeah. she still thinks i like it. its fucked up
one time i got kicked out of a daycare for throwing rocks at a kids face. now the kid works at the grocery store and i have 18000 followers on twitter
one time i hocked a loogie over the grave of a guy who attempted to run for governor of vermont as a neoconfederate dixiecrat and lost miserably
one time in 8th grade i fucked around in shop class and got detention. and in detention i had to write an apology letter to the teacher and every time i wrote the i wrote teh instead. an my friend also had to write an apology letter but he started crying for some reason while writing it
one time in high school my math teacher, who loved show tunes and was really flamboyant but was actually straight, was asked 'are you married to a man or a woman' and he said yes. and it was extremely good
one time in high school our whole social studies class was working on a shared google doc for some shit&&newline<goldenliontamarin> and i kept doing ctrl+a and change to comic sans&&newline<goldenliontamarin> the teacher was so disgusted with me
one time in high school there was a poster on the bathroom wall and i lifted the corner up and carved a huge cock and balls in to the wall and they didnt find it until like 2 years later
one time in middle school a guy tried to insult me by saying i sucked his moms dick. his reputation never recovered
one time in senior year of hs this really annoying kid left his laptop open on facebook and went into another room so i made him post 'im gay'. and he got mad at me and like half an hour later i heard him on the phone with his mom frantically trying to explain hes not actually gay
one time like 4 years ago i had a dream that i found a copy of usher - yeah! ft. ludacris and lil jon on a 78rpm record
one time on an 8th grade field dtrip we went to washington dc and we went to the really big mall and there was a proactiv demonstration booth and we got the lady to give a talk to this kid who had really bad acne and he couldnt get out of it and he had to stand there and listen to it to be polite
one time tim allen had a scene where he had to bend over to repair a fence and in one of the takes he shat so hard his pants ripped open and tiny rock hard turds came out his ass rapid fire like the bullets in contra. most of the production crew quit after that
one time when i was like 7 i pissed on the carpet for no reason and said my baby sister did it. that was my first troll
pappy pulled this here diap off a yankee soldier on little round top. brought it home to his wife elsie and my mother gertrude 'lizabeth who then handed it down to me still with the poopy in it
personally i think its super fucked up that these poor third worlders arent picking up guns and putting their children in danger by starting a violent revolution. you know, if i was there, instead of living with my parents in the suburbs, id totally do it. no question
playing doom with the columbine guys... playing fuckin sly cooper on ps2 with anders breivik.. thats what i would do if i was dying and i had one wish. or two wishes
please rub the honey on my balls and sit me spread-eagled in the forest so grizzlies will bite them off
remember when chairmans student renamed a random file from an mmo and said his essay was corrupted. well, i remember it&&newline<chairman> it was a .docx file, except it was a renamed .zip file, and inside was a .dll file whose file information said it was from runescape
rip to that remote alaskan conservative radio station that got caller id specifically to prevent me from calling in to say fuck
ronald reagan died wearing a diaper. after the enbalmers took the diaper off and prepared to clothe him again a turd slid out of his anus but they couldnt throw it away because of a poorly written law that makes it technically an organ and the gipper wasnt an organ donor. they put the turd in the coffin with him but put some flowers over it so no one would see it. also i ate the turd and
she stroke my dick... and then have every right to get a free fucking chicken burrito with everything on here for chicks
sipping on box wine / 'rightbloc' after a pound sign / making plans to get rich and fuck african 'tutes
so many people from high school have unfriended me ecause they saw butt turdsley and didnt know who it was
someday i hope to travel to the south and hock loogies on confederate generals graves. ive got a big one saved up for stonewall jackson
stop cancer-shaming. oh you want to remove this giant tumor thats sucking the life force out of me and causnig me an early death because of your white western patriarcho-capitalist false ideology of 'beauty'. you think you can control my body. sit the fuck down. *surgeon slowly backs away*
that awkard moment when a high profile false rape accusation reinforces societys disbelief in rape culture.... failz0r
that same year the cool thing was 'pantsing' people, where you would just come up behind them and pull their pants down. somehow that wasnt considered gay, though. eventually the principal had to sit down the entire 4th grade class and tell us not to pull each others pants down
the 'price before tax' line is almost always a g-a-c melody. sometimes its g#-a#-c#
the american revolution started because someone sent ben franklin a prank letter saying he was about to receive 600 crates of tea shillings on delivery&&newline<goldenliontamarin> listen here partner. you bring that stuff down here ill have the minutemen here waiting for ya. were gonna dump this stff. i didnt order no fuckin tea. listen. i. didnt. order. anything
the arthur episode where buster wants to become amish, is good, and its also me
the bad stuff is good, and the good stuff is bad, and if enough people think something is bad or good, its the opposite. this is the rule i live by
the baseball got signed by the great bambino, meaning he rubbed the diaper on it and got a poop stain on it
the beauty of the aryan woman is the ultimate symbol of femininity and all cute queer girls should strive to embody it
the best 9/11 story was probably the 1st story because you could get out of the building the quickest
the brand representative for old spice was found dead today, strangled by a white-person dreadlock. the grease left on the deceased's neck matched that of brian richardson, 19, of elm st. who goes by 'anarcharaven' and 'queersquanto'
the cops try to arrest fermata for slandering november security and investigations and a swarm of pugs takes them down and rips them to shreds&&newline<goldenliontamarin> nsi rule #1: no bald jokes. nsi rule #2: shoot pugs on sight. nsi rule #3: do not take the lean cuisines in the office freezer
the key to being happy isnt to accept your flaws and improve upon them. its to convince yourself your flaws are actually really good and you love having them, for no reason. theyre just great to have
the last thing robin williams shot before his death was his own head. hahaha. yes i know he hanged himself. fuck off
the more i listen to bob marley the angrier i get
the only game in north koran is action 52. and there isnt even a nes to play it on. they just look at it and imagine what the 52 games about. usually they imagine all the games as you control a peasant and you get points for bringing tribute to the great god king king jog the second
the other day i was palying taps by pressing number keys on the weed poop frog video
the poster had a bunch of quotes about life on it. i dont know why it was in the bathroom. the teacher confiscated the poster after they found the cock and balls. and the kids were mad because they liked the poster so they volunteered to spackle and repaint the wall to get the poster back. i was 18 when i did this
the song pharrell wrote for robin thicke is the epitome of sexism. but the song pharrell wrote for beyonce is the epitome of female empowerment
the stabbing kid also got suspended for stealing refreshments from the 6th grade dance, as well as for bringing weed to school. not evne to smoke it. he just took some of his brothers weed, and showed it to people
there are a pretty good amount of people on okcupid ive seen that put demisexual as their orientation. 90% of them have dyed hair
there was another site like that that gregwhoward was posting on so i kept making fake accounts like gregvvhoward and diarrheagreg and detailing how he fishes diapers out of the trash and then eats the poop out of the diapers
there was that cool article about how twine is opening up game development to everybody not just people who know how to program. like great, its a way for people who are too lazy to even figure out rpg maker to make shitty boring text games. this is truly the future and the good shit i crave
theres an alarm in kevins house that turns on all the sprinklers when it senses his horney levels rising
theres cum stains on my nsi shirt from having sex on the back of the bus. lauren in 8th grade gave bryan a handjob and he shot his nasty all over my shirt. the shirt has pictures of jussi baldman and ikarti o brien and steven defartass and hnasty on it in a parody of the let it be cover. i wiped the cum on kyles backpack. kyle is dating rebecca
these people have two modes of talking. trying and failing to sound 'cute' by saying u and yr and using & instead of and, and deliberate obfuscation of their views because they know it has the legitimacy of mongoloid grunts
they cut his penis off and electrocuted it separately in a much smaller electric chair. it got hard when the electricity went into it. it was a big scandal. obama was ther
theyre only in poverty because you forced them off the land they were accustomed to!! *plays a sad song from mother 1 on digeridoo*
tiny vinyl writing to his scandinavian pen pal&&newline<goldenliontamarin> dear sven. do you have lean cuisine there. this is p white. love steven
today at the store i dropped a bag of chips and a store employee who was at least 60 years old said epic fail to me
wait a minute&&newline<goldenliontamarin> is barfgoon on tinder&&newline<goldenliontamarin> is barfgoon on tinder&&newline<goldenliontamarin> im doing it now&&newline<goldenliontamarin> im just swiping right like a madman on all these  hot college babes&&newline<goldenliontamarin> hopefully some of them can look past my habit of ralphing and see that deep down im a great guy
wait cuneiform wasnt in egypt. fuck me. i m so fucking stupid. christ
we can trace the family back to olaf baldmynn, a 12th century norman duke deposed after hiring 3 court jesters as his royal advisors
we know two gizmos with disappointing piss habits&&newline<samog> gizmo the dog knows how to pee in the bathroom
what if seinfeld actually did the episode about the poop nazi and had them eating fake poop but didnt acknowledge it at all
whats wrong with eating bugs
when i die please tell my family the dilbert porn on my computer was saved ironically
when im back in new eritrea (thats the afrikan word for wilmington de) i like to filter the tap water through an old shoe i bought at goodwill to remind me of what my brothers are going through
when iw as 13 i got banned from neopets for telling people to suck my dick
when kevin gets horny his mom can sense it from across the house and starts yelling at him&&newline<goldenliontamarin> actually its exactly like principal skinner on the simpsons down to the name&&newline<goldenliontamarin> seymour are you looking at that cartoon character porno again. no mother
when they go on the roller coaster they all shit their pants instead of throwing up. ive got endless material. im sending this shit to the guys who make scary movie
whenever i get a wendys burger i check all 4 corners for hanging off the bun. if even one corner isnt hanging off i knock a bunch of shit off the counter and fling the burger at the ice cream machine at 90mph
who wants to get real diy and publish a riot grrrl zine that consists entirely of feminist-themed rage comics
why am i looking at an old mans shit covered ass
why are gay people so obsessed with stonewall jackson anyway. is it like with judy garland
why does davecat the realdoll guy from my strange addiction have me blocked on twitter
why wouldnt a company want to hire someone whos up their own ass so much they use pronouns that sound like invader zim characters
why wouldnt autistic wizards just cast a spell to not be autistic
you ever see a wet turd force its way through a pair of wranglers like a sieve. ive seen it. ive seen a lot of things. the home improvement set was hell for me
gender, and my favorite blink-182 song, changes day by day. sometimes im male and i like 'dammit', and sometimes im female, and i like 'whats my age again', and sometimes i have no gender. theres just no gender, and when im genderless, i like to liste nto 'all the small things'
damn.... loks like i took a wrong turn and ended up in nerd central!!!!
my pussy taste like gorgonzola
* sleighfong (sleighfong@synirc-373741d8.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #lf
<(^_^<)  ^(^_^)^  (>^_^)>  ^(^_^)^   *pyllgarr dances away!*&&newline<highfong> thanks blizzard-chan
i hope this message finds you well. :)  i am sorry to hear of your trouble with your account. :/  no worries!! i am here to help! :)&&newline<highfong>         i have overturned the ban on your account. :)  they typically used stolen cards for any purchases, but the transaction for warlords of draenor was already denied by our audit systems. :)&&newline<highfong> i hope that helps a bit!! :)  take care and have fun out there! :)&&newline<highfong>        &&newline<(^_^<
art is good, art is bad, pauly shore is going to chad
as soon as i got home i started the farts&&newline<highfong> been saving em up from work&&newline<highfong> real stinky
ass is running on cum vapors
borat is so good
cheese owns&&newline<inkwell> confirm
crush them into dust
everyone alive and who has ever lived got here from other people getting horney. makes u think
for some reason i keep repeating 'bill poop the science doop' in my head i think i have prodromal schizophrenia
gotta go to sex therapy in 30 minutes. they want to hook up the machine to my dick again for some reason&&newline<pepito> horney&&newline<highfong> i hope they show me slideshows of powerful forklifts&&newline<highfong> id get a huge chubby&&newline<bonclay> randy for industry: the mikel fong story
heck
heck yeah in the army now is on tv
hmm someone hacked my battlenet today&&newline<highfong> bought the new wow expansion&&newline<highfong> and didnt change the password&&newline<highfong> thanks for the free $50 game
home depot keeps the toilets on the walls
i cant stop looking at imgur&&newline<highfong> i love memes
i come from a land down under, where beer does flow and men chunder
i had to explain adult babies to some people in there&&newline<highfong> they were taken aback&&newline<chairman> highfong explaining adult babies to a lifer, making him glad he's behind these four safe walls&&newline<khawaga> i remember my time in the pen. i was in the bambino gang&&newline<goldenliontamarin> im sitting around the cafeteria table explaining to a bunch of crips how to do the marshmallow trick
i just had a dream where i was invited to an orgy with edward norton, scarlette johansson, and sofia vergara but by the time i got there they were all too tired&&newline<highfong> messed up
i literally threw away a big box of like 100 yaoi comics that my ex left
i love this meme
i need someone to stomp my nuts to death
i want a black hole to suck all the shit out of my ass
i want to become a furry
i want to fuck a suck myself
i wish i could believe in god&&newline<highfong> life would be a lot better&&newline<acoustickitty> who cares&&newline<highfong> ak...
i'd say a good 8'
im going to excavate vilerat and graft his tattoo on my ass
im horny and want to suck titty
im sad that trollface isnt popular anymore
its even more stiff in the hd remake
its sad that the other guys always rush and claim the mitsubishi forklift every night&&newline<highfong> its the best one
jezebel.com/manly-christian-bros-apologize-for-letting-their... is blocked because it is currently categorized as: intimate apparel / swimsuit
just put prisoners in the hyperbolic time chamber with goku
last night i had a weird dream where i worked at an amusement park as a fork lift operator for some reason and i went to break and someone stole my forklift because i forgot to take the key with me&&newline<highfong> and i spent like an hour trying to find it&&newline<highfong> never found it though, messed up
last night i think part of a dream i had was pepito and lindso wearing diapers&&newline<highfong> they were super big diapers though
last time i broke up with the same
last time i went to the mall with my mom she put a green fedora on me and said i looked good in it
like they'll get there 10 minutes early just to get it&&newline<highfong> messed up
lol&&newline<acoustickitty> hey tity man&&newline<highfong> hi ak
lol i swear to god i went to my friend's house the other day and he showed me his fallout nude mods
lowes is fail
man i had a weird dream where i started a small diner but a mexican family took it over for me and really improved the place and got business poppin&&newline<highfong> they were cooking steak-umms on a car engine
momfong thought i was gay because i liked bert and ernie so much
never put peanut butter in coffee&&newline<highfong> it doesnt work
oh dang i didnt even realise its 9/11&&newline<highfong> always forget
oh no i caught a case of the feels. better update my gender identity
pepe will be in my heart forever
pokemon owns
slenderman is legit creepy to me
the good thing is the guys respect my love for mitsubishi and leave her for me
the white side of my genetics really fucked me up
when i was in jail i would randomly laugh while thinking of glt quotes
who the heck is mackelmore and why do people keep talking about him
i got a free sample of salvia from a goon a while ago, and i think my parents stole it
is a binder a boob squisher?
meet other asexuals in your area&&newline<hochimittens> for
my dad was running a spotlight in the main front of house tower at woodstock 99&&newline<xxdown_wit_da_sickness1994xx> my grandpa died at woodstock 99. he fell out of a guard tower
i got drunk and left impper's book at a cocktail bar (i finished it at least) now im laughing at the prospect of someone wondering 'what the hell is 'fuck and destroy?''
gay
going to read a webcomic. hmmm..sweet bro.
hoping one of these days i'll have enough time to brush up on my quantum mechanics and make an informed opinion as to whether the many-worlds interpretation is as manifestly obvious as yudkowsky says it is. i suspect it isn't, but at least i'll learn some thing along the way...
only against raising the minimum wage above $10 only because it fucks with the idealization of the value of 1 labor hour unit.  it makes it a hell of a lot easier to compare with foreign currencies when prices can be divided by 10.
'helmark steel, inc. is regarded as one of the nation's leading fabricators and erectors of structural steel. the company has successfully completed numerous ...'
<pudd-chan> 'this one time i got rejected by a girl because i told her that i had never fucked a. nigerian girl before' - a real ikarti story
@bad_dominicana it was so bad
@liamobde (liam o'brien) - @youranonnews @anonymous #anonymous #freeanons #redhack'tir #sea @official_sea12 @anonsturkey #taksim #exposure #dgse #fn #nazi #imperialism&&newline<goldenliontamarin> did he hit his head on something
i suck harder than a one armed hooker in miami
i wrote in @2chainz for the 2012 election before it was cool.
paper planes remix - @delonmusic @miauniverse: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ga4livevh1k  she's so talented! #neoliberalism's greatest hits! @amnesty #srilanka&&newline<goldenliontamarin> fuck mia. shes pseudosrilankan or something
aka da rite as fuck bloc&&newline<kemperboyd> whenever we can, lets change that to 'rich as fuck bloc'
im too terrified of the law to ever violate it&&newline<ikarti> lol
u can ask anything u want about me so at least you can be accurate in your deranged preoccupation you don't even know the bad shit i done lol
white boy doesn't understand racism, news at 11. you wack and you got knocked out. sit down.
wop
yospos b1tch
the end if herbal hrt were even successful, i might even experience life as a ftm crossdresser and have to bind my chest to go into male mode, seems interesting and totally worth it to me; life is all about our experiences imo.
<grifty> im going to tweet, idk, does the 80s pop star tiffany have a twitter. is she with her&&newline<+infiniteoregano> can flip phones do tweets
my wifi
* [samael] #spaceflight #shurelilyd&dooc #showerbeer #rikersbeard #goonmusician +#gooncox #fabgoons #electronic
i saw a group of black dudes riding their mountain bikes on the trails i ride.  my first thought was 'i wonder where they stole those nice bikes from,' my second was 'now i have to find a new fuckin park this shit sucks.' i am not ok with living around too many black people.  individuals or small groups are fine.  large masses of them tend to be racist.
i saw a group who uses twitter for mad favs and rts because he was released here in tyhis irc channel
islam is a cancer on humanity
you were kicked by samael (~israfel@synirc-bcee84f.tampfl.fios.verizon.net): sorry samog jews are no longer allowed in the bloc
http://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3545333#post414666987
i'm wearing an eagle t-shirt and flower socks. my cap is yellow and there is some net at the back. i like red, cars and legos.
who the fuck is israfel
#blonde #mistress .. here to be #worshiped and treated like the #queen i am, #gift #me #spoil #me # #walletrape
if 'folks' ever lose their food stamp debit cards that allow them to 'buy' little debbie's and such so that they don't starve watch out. walmart will be doomed because those 'folks' are all over the wally mart. then they might not be as obese which they are entitled to be which would be a travesty. but i guess i'm no better because i like the deals at walmart. i just use my money instead of someone else's for my treats.
in addition i can't hold them back for more than 10 minutes at most; if i try then it'll practically explode out my ass, soil my pants a bit, and of course make me cream them like i was edging for a whole day.
instead, my cock farts instead of cumming (but the cum is still built up in my balls) and my body odor becomes my farts. my breath is of course foul to everyone but me. the result is if i hold it in too long, i become a perpetually aroused, sporadically ejaculating filth hound.
my sister strongly believed she was vegan for two years, glad there aren't any drugs that could make it permanent.
near constant flatulence that has a smell so powerful to me that i risk cumming on particularly strong farts.
students no longer learn that america is a land of opportunity, a defender of freedom around the world, and a source of pride. instead, they are taught that america is a land of inequality, racism, imperialism, and, ultimately, shame that can only be redeemed through the adoption of leftist ideals
the thing is, it becomes oddly easier to hold it if i somehow manage to keep them contained past that threshold point (i.e. industrial butt plugs) but if they're held in for over an hour i can't fart for a week.
this election is, unquestionably, the meme election.
why is existence being hollow and meaningless uniformly seen as a bad thing? i rather like the fact that life is a blank canvas devoid of all meaning. there'd be a horrible amount of pressure otherwise, don't you think?
telling someone not to drink or smoke while pregnant is ableist and classist :) and needs to stop !
im a butt
i'm an antinatalist and i think procreation is immoral on some levels\
'lot of pug dealin goin down in dade county' --rick ross
-skybot- kemperboyd said 11 hours, 18 minutes ago in #lf: plz dont .tell me boring crap (+1 more, .showtells to view)
.u twerk
36 chambers warning: the smoogie chamber smells like farts
night of the wet diaps
actually the oldest trick is pooping in your hand and slapping a cop
because then you can tell your grandchildren 'yes grandpa once gave a grand to a guy from the internet and then i got rich as fuck off it'
eat shit, imo
gip owns
here's how you deal with ppl instead of melting down:&&newline<kemperboyd> give them a job&&newline<kemperboyd> unless its koshka&&newline<kemperboyd> you like get a company, get it funded and then hire a handlebar to work the accelerationism desk
i honestly dont know where the bald thing came from because i do have hair
i think i didn't tell this channel about my recent discussion with my illustrator&&newline<kemperboyd> it was like 'make a burt reynolds dude leaning against a carriage, but make it as tom of finland as possible'
i want my gravestone to say 'rip in peace'&&newline<vinyl> so, rest in peace...in peace?
im eating salt.&&newline<kemperboyd> salts good for you when you're drinking lots of water
im fukken queer
man why do i have a huge jar of salt on my desk&&newline<chairman> *everybody stares wistfully in the direction of new bedford*
my friends dad made me smoke the strongest blunt ive ever had in my life with him after he made his son and all of his friends (me included) watch his wife give birth to their son in an inflatable hot tub in their living room while she was on datura, star trek tng was on (the episode where wesley crusher turns into a light being or whatever) and she named her son wesley crusher (last name goes here)
remember the taliban? they're back. in pog form.
samog stands in forest clearing, saying loudly 'hello ladies' over and over again. the forest remains silent.
youre mad. you're melting down.
|w/r/t irc user ikarti| he's a rich white dude sure but still good at what he does
*in a deep, raspy voice* we don't need lube babe, this is going all the way in.
a lot of people are acting like sex work and making porn are inherently disgraceful, that these things in and of themselves are going to ruin her life, or that doing them makes her a broken, pitiful victim. i disagree in general. sex work attracts a lot of broken people because it's unskilled labor that pays a whole lot, but that doesn't mean healthy people can't do it and love it and
and israel is *not* a murderous autocracy which persecutes its own citizens & occasionally condones nuclear apocalypse
but here's the thing: since i wrote that article, ihave†sucked dick. please, legions of haters, don't take this as some sort of win.
francis fukuyama believes we reach the end of history when we develop liberal democracy, 'the ultimate form of human government.'
happy holidays, also fuck all terfs
i love to suck the things rocky prick. i crave that mineral. xd
i never, never should have allowed myself to be lured by the united states administration to commit a crime in this country, i wish that the united states administration never manipulate people like myself in the future to commit crimes against foreign countries. i entirely beg you, the people and government of the dprk, for your forgiveness. please! i made the worst mistake of my life!
i shall throw out the obligatory plug for theyfit.com, who make condoms in something like 77 different sizes and have a printable measuring kit. they used to do a goon discount, but i forget the code.
i suggest we extend the olive branch one last time, with the clear and unmistakable understanding that, if it is not fully accepted and cooperated with, we will use it to beat whomever stands against us mercilessly to death
i too wish that i could just lose weight through ddr or maybe even a work out video. but sadly i've discovered that even cutting back to one poptart each morning isn't doing it.
i would rather my mom see my penis but when it's fully erect than when it's small
i'm always amazed they had a good idea of what a fat person would look like. there must've been times when people got fairly fat pre-agriculture, but damned if i know how.
i'm getting there.  when you masturbate think about my tongue on your clit and switching back and forth from my dick to my tongue.
i'm trying to get rid of some water weight since my body seems to be retaining a lot. for instance, when i press on certains areas of my skin, they remain indented for a minute or longer.
if i sleep with several women that is really great. if one of them sleeps with another man that is really bad and i will certainly dump her, probably beat her, and might well kill her. i will be very angry and sad for a very long time.
it won't be hard for me to cry on command. i just have to think about my life.
just had two 18 year olds slay my bussy. just thought id share with the sisters.
kevin, 27, detroit. neurodivergent non-binary xican@ trans dyke anarcho-communist.xe/xir/xirs pronouns. if you are not a trans womon, ask before following.
relieving myself in the toilet is not an option. for a moment i consider following clinton's advice: 'if it's yellow let it mellow', but decide to go full bukowski instead: 'sometimes you just have to piss in the sink'.
shout out to all my trans followers and all that encompasses regardless of if your gender is female, male, non-binary, agender, or any of the myriad of labels for gender identity, or those who go without labels either due to personal choice or still searching for a label to identify with.
step on my butt while i'm wearing a diaper lying prone on the floor daddy.
the cab industry sucks, and i hope uber drives it out of business, and then when it no longer has to 'compete' with them is able to be better to their employees.
the devil take those who first invented balls!
the feather dinos in jpiii are bullshit, you're bullshit, and i hope your fucking dick gets caught in your zipper and your family is murdered by cops.
thus we can conclude that hitler played a pivotal role in a 4.9% increase in the worldwide population of jews, something that required an ingenious shipment of jews across europe to protect them from the firebombing that completely destroyed christian populations in cities like dresden and hamburg.
to play devil's advocate, how would a man know whether or not he is raping?
yes let's just submerge a 500w industrial strength vibrator in the ocean so dolphins can fuck it lol
as for whiteness, my grandma is native and litvak and i spent most of my life trying to be white and being subject to antisemitism and general white supremacist shit that i tried to convince myself was incidental.
but more importantly if you stopped people on the street and asked what artist would be most popular on a clockwork dirigible the result would be tom waits by a wide margin
chappelle's show>†kids in the hall>†in living color>†mr. show>†kid a
her titties are at the 'parisian cafe waiter dealing with his 10th american tourist of the day ordering french fries' level of rudeness
https://i.imgur.com/sadz36c.png
https://m.imgur.com/5hyrb9p?r
my name is kevin and im a genderweird girl i suppose. for using my pronouns, i would prefer if you use all 3 of them by using different ones at different times, but in general using any of the 3 sets will work fine
we should capture every member of the saudi royal family and whenever a terrorist attack happens, simply kill one and forcefeed their mulched corpse to the others as they beg for mercy + forgiveness
you can lick my butthole with that bitch mouth
presenting iwoke the newest app that helps keep you woke with articles and tolerance excercises
#mao thought i was kevin which is the most insulted and owned i've ever been in my life
*in kemper boyds surviving hair follicles voice* im one of the one %
*in kevin reading le morte d'arthur voice* i wish this book had wolverine in it
*in skoptsy voice* everything sexy is bad, though&&newline<inkwell> im gonna flip a freakin table over
*reincarnates into hell of hungry ghosts* no see your insatiable hunger and unquenchable thirst is just a state of being you've fallen into because of greed
<chillbro_swaggins> she doesn't seem to fit what a bene gesserit is supposed to be
<teens> skybot mudcrabs: [5/84] 2012-04-09&&newline<mudcrabs> im gonna make inkwell my boyfriend&&newline<mudcrabs> i'm hesistent b/c of such lil knob but 'tevs
<teens> skybot mudcrabs: [5/84] 2012-04-09&&newline<mudcrabs> im gonna make inkwell my boyfriend&&newline<mudcrabs> i'm hesistent b/c of such lil knob but 'tevs&&newline<kongming> lol&&newline<kongming> i ship it
i know not with what weapons world war iii will be fought, but world war iv will be fought with a poop in a pee.
mack i le more 'the liberator'
the creatures outside looked from bioware to bethesda, and from bethesda to bioware, and from bioware to bethesda again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.
a canticle for smoogiewitz
ahh, time to get up and face another day. *puts on diaper, adds manic street preachers discography to winamp queue, faces framed photo of hitler* sieg heil
always bet on jim
babywand inkwell
chuck, it's your cousin marvin berry. you know that new baby dick you were looking for? well, look at this
diseases then http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bf/danse_macabre_by_michael_wolgemut.png diseases now http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/dam/assets/140822175626-01-ebola-liberia-0822-horizontal-gallery.jpg wtf happened?
does your dad read xkcd&&newline<inkwell> yeas
excuse me, there is nothing 'funny' about expounding the wisdom of the sages
friendzoned by moldbug
i also play and enjoy victoria two
i cant get cuneiform unicode fonts to work in chrome and its ruining my life
i got to see the prototype for that room when i worked at starbucks corp hq
i have a memory of being like 3 and taking a shower with my dad and trying to grab his dick and making him super uncomfortable
i hope that hundreds of years from now all these  quotes are preserved by monks diligently copying them to vellum in their scriptorium
i need to see mike moulton wearing it before i can commit to a purchase
i sell three kingdoms and three kingdoms accessories
i wish more people could get into history *monkey paw finger curls down*
im an alberta mother and im here to say, segregate the bathrooms in a cisfriendly way&&newline<grifty> mic check 1-2 1-2. my name is karen from up north on the map / the government should play no role in where weirdos take a crap
im transcapitalist&&newline<&kongming> please do not misclass me
its like when martin luther nailed his posts to the door of wittenberg schlosskirche and then a hundred years later everybody in germany is involved in a huge flamewar
its time to build a better gargoyle. ill launch the kickstarter
kevin you should read gilgamesh or beowulf because they are like comic books except not retarted
le me, worshipping le lord in le wooden shack, like a protestant bau5
longcat, jim's face, melanie's timestamps... the greats
love to visit stormfront and 4chan and ycs. but i repeat myself
m y brain has been ruined by the internet
maggot master owns, and is a good poster
melanie fermata has committed three crimes: 1. did not roll a gnome rabbi for our dnd game. 2. has not watched feherlofia: son of the white mare. 3. is still posting
micro$haft taint failventures bore: homo$uck
move into home alone two timeline -> world falls to serfdom
my mother in law is a crazy old hippie who does tons of drugs and one time she took us into the woods on her property and she was just picking random mushrooms and eating them on the spot
no but imagine the rawness of antebellum plantation feminists
no that's the entire fucking point of socialism, nobody mocking anyone else
oh i remembered it wrong. the tiger couldnt hack it so only the bear got to be a korean. sorry everybody
on my camping trips i heard messed up stuff like 'dokdo is korea'
our finnish ideas give us the following benefits: -100% hair growth, +5 votes
people talk about civ5 as a classic so we are already living in the lavos timeline
reading a lot of academic monographs makes your autism really powerful&&newline<kongming> i dont read novels much anymore but when i do they always feel really easy
sheldon, light of my life, fire of my loins
taear was right. he was right. he was right,
the difference between john's irony base and melanie's... was like the difference between the heavens and the earth!
the first koreans were made when a bear and a tiger ate some garlic. this is what koreans actually believe
the gift is actually just autism, and the gentle gift is high functioning
the last gender is in captivity. the internet is at peace.
time to count the money i made from gamer death. i'm rich b*tch.
time to lay some justice on this freakin noob for poaching a lords rats...
trump banning anime is going to provoke the fourth (final) intifada
vegeta jr, mustache vegeta, badman vegeta: the greats
video games let us explore the consequences of our retarded actions in a safe way
village life is so beautiful. for some, more than others. ah, farming.
we need to do way instain warlord, who throw thier babby
when i was a teen and my mom saw me watching anime she would give me a big lecture about japanese imperialism and comfort women&&newline<kongming> it owned
why did kevin get kicked out of the iso?&&newline<kongming> he was too prot to trot
why have turks never contributed to world culture or any art of lasting value? i can name artists and great civilizations from every major khanate and tribe, including mongolia. but what of the turks? here we find a great wasteland.
why havent autistic germans made a pre-modern army logistics sim where i have to wrangle my fleet of carts and steal food from peasants and have half my army die of dysentery
why isnt there a probiotic to make my ass smell good
my pronouns are they or spivak. i'm a queer trans nonbinary agender  demigirl xican@. i curse a lot, have kids whom i homeschool and i  consume large quantities of caffeine. i listen to ebm, grindcore and  aggrotech to quiet the noise in my head. i love unicorn and werewolves,  comic books and horror movies. people like me because i force them to,  with adorable fierceness.
every single kevin quote in the quote bot is real.
kevin is _always_ horney. the horney level above aaron carter is called kevin, and only kevin can attain it.
actually i can neither be mad nor not-mad about being banned from #lf since everything this bot does is automated, including that accidental self-defense ban
'i am privileged' -chappie, chappie(2014)
'the capital of the moon, oppa gangam style'
'the other day someone ordered a 'breve chai.' i'm going to assume everyone knows what chai lattes are, but 'breve' means they want half and half instead of milk. i had to watch someone drink almost 16 ounces of half and half at my job. i deserve hazard pay.'
'z-z-zoinks, scoob, like, the temperature of burning jet fuel isn't hot enough to melt those steel beams!'
'help i've fallen and i can't get up!' - master chief as his battery dies and he tips over like a fainting goat
.q maarak 69&&newline<skybot> maarak: i only have 68 quotes for maarak
2012-jeep-wrangler-call-of-duty-modern-warfare-3-edition&&newline<fermata> imagine your parents taking out a second mortage to buy it for you&&newline<fermata> because they heard you like video games&&newline<fermata> so you have to drive the car of shame for decades&&newline<goldenliontamarin> my parents took out a second mortgage to buy me a 3do in 1994 and i still have to play it so i dont seem ungrateful
<~herbert`prick> i almost finished my test suite, and i have a benchmarking suite done. everythings coming up prick.&&newline<maarak> hopefully you have vivian, neil, and mike_the_cool_variable in there
america began in the midst of a revolution in the late 18th century. it was violent, raw, and unrefined, but showed terrific promise and unquestionable sincerity. throughout the antebellum era, the complexities and diversity of the culture increased greatly. the country accomplished the unthinkable: a free society, more or less.
do you: sleep on a pile of gold? represent greed and avarice as a sort of living metaphor? use huge monstrous dildos? you might be a dragon!
garfield, featuring a score by philip glass&&newline<ego> time-lapse footage of nermal's journey through the modern logistics network to abu dhabi
heel raiser inferno
i bought flood pants in middle school&&newline<maarak> did not make me look as cool as i thought
i hope they've got a plan for where all this ameri-nazi signage, clothing, etc... is gonna go after the show is done&&newline<pepito> maarak: to decorate handlebar's house
i keep remembering that i saw dr. fraiser crane get shot to death by optimus prime today and laughing my ass off
i paid money for my mirc license
i've been freebasing thinkpieces lately
lady in the water was also quite good
loops
maaaaaayyyyoor deewwweeeyy is black, they don't want you to know this.&&newline<maarak> *cites a misprinted t-shirt*
ngo borat
spruce goose: boat, plane, or sandwich?
tom is getting payola from the lead singer of faceless man
tom jumps out of the tank looking like billy cyrstal and kills a goat
you're probably thinking that leaving the earth behind to live in space colonies is a downgrade from paradise, but here's where you're wrong...' -char
a hip hop broadway musical about a founding father is one of theose things everyone thinks i should love&&newline<kongming> i wish more people could get into history *monkey paw finger curls down*
a weekend without some kind of home improvement feels like a waste
all humanity had to do was to get zappa to say his name backwards&&newline<maarak> appaz knarf
ancient grains, ancient bloodlines&&newline<maarak> heirloom presidents
bonclay irl http://oyster.ignimgs.com/wordpress/write.ign.com/137869/2012/07/sad-reverend-lovejoy-300x177.png
bury me in the costacombs
driml maarak is here&&newline<maarak>i rea;;y vp;f, hobr s djkoy snpiy ,ody[r;;rf eptpf
english cookery isn't something i'm eager to explore
gluten, thetan, are they brothers!?!
hoping it's a slow easter sunday at the ol' office depot&&newline<brattybc> i hope so too, people not getting their easter ink cartiridges &&newline<grifty> woe unto the shameful parents who forgot to put a fresh, colorful array of inkjet printer cartridges 'neath the easter fuck off&&newline<grifty> i got too greedy&&newline<grifty> *gnashing teeth*
jesus christ, i think i'm spending 5 minutes searching tumblr for dumb sjw got stuff&&newline<maarak> it's like quicksand
lmao * maarak has quit (excess flood)
oh, and fraiser crane is murdered by optimus prime
real talk: a history teach at my high school was serbian on his mother's side&&newline<khawaga> im sorry to hear that maarak
soylent trip report: this stuff is super filling
the mcdonalds scene is up there with the odessa steps sequence
this is what i like to call redneck culture level 2&&newline<fermata> and this is to go even further *a bunch of truck nutz form like mike moulton's tumors*
trash cinema that's wildly popular and influential is my bread and butter
trip report: soylent doesn't taste like jizz
wish i could play dota
yeesh. i'm watching zz gundam and the fansubs just threw in a 'no homo'
paul williams comes from latin word for lance
whatever makes you feel good and isn't full of hormones and chemicals. leave the cheap junk food to the blacks and eat fresh, natural food.
i like my never give up attitude no matter how much people hate on me. i still love them
nah. i'm converting to hemp wear
is .q random
i dont like kurt or kirk in this classic 80s anime
!markov rip&&newline<acoustickitty> rip odd
!markov zork&&newline<acoustickitty> zork my dick odd 8===d&&newline<odd> jesus christ
*glt's ancient ancestor runs into the palace of set* pharoah, pharoah, your 10 crates of jews are going to arrive at the pyramids tomorrow. saladin needs a signature and 2 gold ingots&&newline<goldenliontamarin> im gonna need a digital hieroglyph on this bad boy
*a slow melody plays while inkwell and odd toil their small lunar farm, made with imported earth dirts* did you hear that inkwell?&&newline<odd> no? okay. *continues toiling. contemplates murdering inkwell but it's only a passing thought*&&newline<odd> hey, do you want to watch a vhs tape tonight&&newline<odd> oh, that's okay. *the passing thought of murder somehow lasts longer this time*
*charlotte the spider weaves a new web* farmer: 'what does truscum mean'
*in kazakhstan national anthem melody* nameks power levels are superior
*in salsa cowboy voice* new york city?!?!
*in worf voice*
*in worf voice* brianna wu's video game is giving me a headache
*samog arrives from underground, into the lf hq, and is face to face with fermata and her augmented arm* kevin. *fermata explodes*
*screaming at shenron* the world's most comfortable shit tank
*writes in shenmue style notebook* samuel og: widow's peak, may know whereabouts of sailors
.gis 'kevin the hedgehog'&&newline<skybot> odd: http://www.deviantart.com/download/149651576/kevin_the_hedgehog_by_xshadows_loverinx.jpg&&newline<odd> of course he's a baby in a diaper. of course he is
.q remove
.tell handlebar http://www.wikihow.com/cope-with-being-a-diaper-lover
.u vegeta's mustache&&newline<skybot> oddei: not found.&&newline<homero> oddei: not found.&&newline<oddei> thats because he shaved it you idiots
100 million transwomen of color die every single second
also in the recent cable restructuring i got bbc america&&newline<odd> and they play star trek tng like, all the time&&newline<odd> it's nice
chuck d is just sick of those honking noses, the face paint, the big shoes and tiny cars...sick of them all
destructo disque
every morning i open palm slam a tape into the vcr and guess what? it's stalker: shadow of chernobyl and i'm right there doing the moves along side the marked one
goodbye grifty the demigod...
have we taken the 'your posting' joke too far? experts say no, not far enough
hello! did you know? you could order trojan unlubricated condoms through the navy supply system. they were listed as 'radioactive liquid isolators' or some such nonsense&&newline<odd> we used them sometimes&&newline<odd> to interface between radioactive and non-radioactive liquid systems&&newline<highfong> horney deep under the sea
hmm, sometimes when i have sex a lot, i get tired and want to go to sleep. i'll call it quasisexual. please donate&&newline<khawaga> so youre an insomniac???? gaahahaha
i distinctly remember describing how they sometimes stuff their buttcracks with paper toweling to capture any seepage. they called these wads of paper 'farty blockers'
i do have a bunch of notes somewhere around here on jurassic park nes&&newline<odd> i wanted to speedrun it, once upon a time, but then i saw an actual speedrun or maybe the tas and you have to jump all the time and it looks stupid as shit
i get a boner just fine&&newline<odd> i'm not going to prove it though. bunch of pervs in #lf
i got laid thanks to making big ol batches of spaghetti sauce and saving them in the freezer
i hate insurrection now. they're shaving riker. what is this shit
i have 2 genders: 1. that's terror and 2. that's terror
i have uhh fail aids from pee poo
i like diners, drive-ins, and dives
i love this commercial for feminine itch cream
i remember when dopplegangers came onto the sub. boy that was wacky. see 'odd and the pennsylvania gold' s2e12
i want to find out how robin williams made his forearms so crazy&&newline<ref> spinnach and lifting anchors
i wanted to name him calvin but my mom's boyfriend said that was 'a black people name' which didn't, and still doesn't, make any sense to me
i was in the navy. i've been surrounded by penises several tims&&newline<odd> times
i was like 'grifty my family is having a barbeque should i bring that one jewish style bread that's all twisted' and he's like 'challah?' and i go 'challah deez nuts' and he turned into a corn cob
i wish that the x-files was revived as a talk show where mulder and skully give their ex-fbi opinions on today's world situations&&newline<&odd> such as this election&&newline<&odd> skully would be very rational and provide both points of view and then mulder would involve aliens and then skinner the boss would be bald and shirtless
i'm a man. i was born a man with a penis. she/her pronouns please
i'm just so sick of all these spice world the movie about the spice girls
i've been watching mythbusters all day. i wish that one didn't get cancelled. and i'm not just saying that because i have a huge crush on kari
ice jiub.&&newline<odd> drove the cops out of compton
if eazy-e was still alive, i bet he wouldn't approve of transtrenders
it just makes sense, i remember that right before dbz it was sailor moon, so instead of watching that we'd fight each other
it's pretty messed up, to me, that fermata refuses to turn in her above ground pool for being the zodiac killer
like, i told you about the guy who would put his donger in your pocket while you weren't paying attention, right?&&newline<odd> his wife got really embarassed when we asked her about his giant weiner&&newline<fermata> no&&newline<odd> fermata how could you not have heard of dan's dick pranks&&newline<fermata> you never said it&&newline<odd> it was huge, the end
my name is johnny knoxville, and this is jackass. *links fitspo blogs on this is thin privilege*
new jersey state governor: 'thank you, everybody. and for the great state of new jersey and all its registered voters *wink wink* i hereby christen the acoustic kitty diaper pam idony memorial bridge open for business'
oh no i pooped my pants
one time i got abandoned on a field trip to a petting zoo or something. i was in kindergarten i think&&newline<acoustickitty> nothing risked, nothing raned&&newline<odd> that's true, ak
read more at http://totalfratmove.com/forum/huggies-or-depends/#xeqggkeigjpletda.99
that's always a big day in a childs life, when he finally talks to his dad about invaders from outer space
the student has finally become the master. -hitler, 2014
the year is 2052. the liberation front (lf) leaders are gathered around a giant table, planning out the final battle to take control of cascadia. robomata slams her iron fist upon the holotable and screams to take the puget sound naval spaceyard, when kevin bursts in&&newline<odd> 'i'm a christian'
the_angry_turtle posted:&&newline<odd>     i don't want to google it in my office but some lady got like a billion hits on her blog when she made a super detailed writeup about how she and her husband are too fat to poop without help from specialized tools so when they're in public they just shit themselves and then take turns hosing out each others butts when they get home.
this is the 10s, bro, where men are women and women are not as good as the men who are women. it's a brand new century of protected misogyny
tonight on triple d i found an outhouse that serves everything from under, with a rockin sauce&&newline<odd> (the sauce is pee.)
we must secure our existence *poot poot* and a future *crinkle* for... uhhhh... *he's peeing* white... yeah
what a horrible night for a curse. *sun sets, kevins emerge from houses* hey have you heard about my tablet hey have you read these childrens novels hey have you heard about how my professor hates me
what's more funny is tj's balls&&newline<odd> he had 3 of them&&newline<odd> tj has 3 balls. i seen em. 1 2 3
aagh fuck&&newline<odd> i got up to stretch but i stood up too fast, got a head rush then i sat on my balls&&newline<odd> fuck my entire life fuck
actually the crowning moment of the human species is the time a friend of mine snuck up behind me and before he could scare me i turned around fast and slapped him right on his balls
all these weird ass trenders who jacked up their bodies with illegal horse piss reminds me of the skeleton trash mermaid from adventure time going 'which one of you wants to mate with all this' and finn is like barf
also in that same day we were doing sex stuff and my roommate (also a girl) knocked on my door and complained about me not spending enough time with her lately, while my partner was right there, naked
antpocas: the borg were on their way to the alpha quadrant
by 14 i got really obsessed with the concept of 'goku' and tried to train constantly, until my thought process got really bizarre and i would repeat things like 'kamehameha' and 'kaio-ken times twenty' in my head for hours
can't slam an asteroid into buenos aires to start a war...hmm...*president bush is playing with action figures in february 2001, since everything in the us is going alright*
did i ever tell you about my aunt's pug? whenever there was someone speaking anything other than english on tv he'd run to the tv, bark at it, run to his food dish to check it&&newline<odd> then run back to the tv and bark and keep doing that
do you think that gw bush got the idea to do 9/11 from starship troopers
don't modern hops require a ridiculous amount of care to grow&&newline<khawaga> if i need ridiculous amounts of care ill just get it from you. lma&&newline<khawaga> o
donalt trump? more like dr. slump!! *slumps real hard and is escorted out of capsule corp for the third consecutive week due to bullshit saiyan rule
every day mudcrabs wakes up and open palm slams a tape into the vcr. it's chronicles of kevin and she's right there getting horny with the main character. it's nasty
fermata, that ouya gif is hilarious and also why you .tell'd me a picture of a gigantic naked fat lady
haha, general tso's chicken and vegetable lo mein at the chinese food place costs 14.88&&newline<pepito> a good combo at the reich price, i like
here's my opinion: i call it 'fart' instead of 'art' and i laugh quietly to myself, pleased with my bon mot&&newline<odd> also i don't know what bon mot means&&newline<samog> its the water-filled trench surrounding bonclays home
how bright is 10.3&&newline<samog> about this bright |-------------------------------|
i dreamed that i was married, and that my wife left me for pearl from steven universe so now i'm mad at pearl
i drove past it though in a submarine&&newline<odd> vroom vroom
i had a 32x
i have really bad dandruff
i just got startled at video games again, i was flying around an unknown sector in x3 and i got a red alert that one of my other ships was being attacked and i yelled 'aaag shit'&&newline<odd. because it made a loud noise
i just yelled in real life because i got scared at a video game&&newline<odd> i said 'aaa fuck'
i keep having dreams where crocodiles try to bite my nuts off. whats up with that&&newline<odd> this is like 3 days in a row now&&newline<odd> i'm like 'oh i'm just running a sandwich shop with all my pals from lf, and for some reason we only have bread, its a bread sandwich i guess aaahhh crocodile bitin my nuts'&&newline<odd> and then i wake up
i knew a 'vegan' once who basically lived off of hostess fruit pies. then i told him where gelatin comes from and he got real mad, never talked to me again
i put one level into resistance, on my very first dark souls character, and i regret it every day
i remember back when i was like 5 years old i saw some kind of wild berry that had rotted on a bush and i got real scared and peed
i thought it was a lie. picard is driving a dune buggy. what the eff. what the efffff
i watched some star trek on bbc after the superbowl
i woke up and my wrist hurts from snow shovelin&&newline<kming> thats a weird euphemism for jacking off
i'm being gangstalked and cyberstalked, and cryostalked (don't ask)
i'm teendude kidman
i'm the nazi poop baby
im really fat and i love reddit
in my dream i murdered my way across the country, avoided a buffalo stampede by angering native americans who then salted my grandparents yard, then i finally got to my destination: a speedrun convention and all my ex girlfriends were there and had something important to tell me. instead i shot judith light in the head and jumped out a window&&newline<odd> then i woke up and uncle grandpa was on. now i'm depress
is it ironic, that the first thing you throw away when the box of garbage bags is empty, is said box of garbage bags?
is it true that the walking dead is based off a novelization of famed website 'zombo.com'
it wasn't me it was marilyn manson&&newline<&odd> (have i just invented the best excuse ever? maybe)
itchy genitals make me laugh what can i say
just google niggerstomper58
kevin on star trek would literally be picard when he changed his life so that he didn't get stabbed
lars is actin weird in the window so i looked outside and he's watching a stray kitten take a shit
lowtax posted a thread in fyad that shmorky's 'regular' speaking voice keeps getting higher and higher and it's driving him insane
many people in america have no jobs, l i t t l e m o n e y, and even less loyalty to the state
mom, 1488 is funny because, uh...well have you heard of hitler&&newline<fermata> i explained 1488 once to my mom&&newline<fermata> she got the humor
my favorite thing is uhhh poop&&newline<jsoh> narcissism is unhealthy odd
need to shit? i'll show you where
one guy in my boot camp&&newline<odd> he peed the bed every day&&newline<odd> it smelled really bad&&newline<odd> they kicked him out of the navy
one of the guys on my sub, brad, the one with the deadly fart gas, preferred to be hairless (except his head) and on two occasions i found him in the bathroom, bare ass naked, leg up on the sink, shaving his taint
one time at summer camp this one kid pj was on the cabin stoop crying and my friend asked him what was wrong, and he goes 'my parents called and my grandpa has hemmerhoids' and he was real tore up about it&&newline<odd> we were like 'wtf' and it turns out he thought that was aids
one time i chugged two bottles of real canadian maple syrup. for fun
one time i was talking to an ex-girlfriend on the phone and i made her laugh, and she peed a little, so she hung up on me and wouldn't talk to me for days
one time when i was little my babysitter smashed my face into a rock wall and knocked a bunch of my baby teeth out&&newline<odd> there was a lot of blood&&newline<poop> you got owned
only fifty trees what are you some kind of slow weirdo?? take a bucket of acorns and throw them in a hole. bam a thousand trees planted, give me a medal and ice cream
opens up file: fermata. contents: buys groceries in bulk. one arm. *in hastily scribbled misspelled purple ink* pee pee poo poo?!?
people born before 1960 have special cigarette pouches instead of tonsils
politics is when you try to take a dump but instead a white guy comes in and slaps you on the mouth
she 'hovered' and got shit and piss everywhere, and since there's no doors everyone could see and they ratted her out&&newline<odd> kicked out of the entire navy
thanks to a clerical error i now have hundreds of slightly used hair extensions! come on down and buy a handful, and some shampoo
that happened at boot camp to some girl, she wouldn't crap sitting down (all bathroom stalls are open at boot camp) and got doo doos everywhere and wouldn't stop after being talked to so out she went&&newline<chairman> talk about a dishonorable discharge
that lady is the story for my skateboard and there is an extremely weird sentence
thats me, i love to eat turds
the first apartment i ever had after i moved out from my parents, my roommate refused to fart in front of his girlfriend. he was young and it was just anxiety or whatever, at first&&newline<odd> but then it became a joke and she started demanding that he fart in front of her
the parks department shut down silk road?&&newline<acoustickitty> it was sold to king richards faire with steven f. vinyl and two ikartis*&&newline<&odd> oh ok
there was a guy i knew in the navy, and he was bald, and his name was dome&&newline<odd> it was funny. the end
there was machines called 'precipitators' on the sub, and this one guy called them 'recipicators' and we thought it was funny. the end
throw the saiyan down the well. lmao what even is happening to me
true story: the first time a girl called out my name when we were bangin, i didn't understand and said 'what'
tumblr is a safe space. for clowns at the circus
uhh&&newline<odd> highfong&&newline<odd> did you bang your mom?&&newline<highfong> what&&newline<odd> rip
we all our our lives to wee man
we did that too in navy school except it was a bunch of us and we watched in the common room at the barracks&&newline<odd> and there was a lot of thrown furniture and screaming
we were having a fart contest and dustin pooed himself
weathermen are always trying to tell people what to do. fascists
welcome back ak&&newline<acoustickitty> *in carl brutananadilewski voice* meat man
what do you think it means, if you keep having dreams that you go to make a sandwich but the bread is moldy
what if mass effect...was about poopy diaper
what is best in life&&newline<odd> crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and hear the lamentations of...what? oh. and hear the equality of their women
what's a nubian
whats a yeshiva&&newline<kevin> odd very carefully&&newline<kevin> wait&&newline<kevin> dammit i did it wrong again :(
when my half-orc lady berserker in full plate armor smites the dragon in the foreleg for 5d20 physical damage, is that really feminist? or is it oppression
when samog agrees, maybe i should take a second look at my opinion
white people can't even get to mars. and you're blaming them for not letting africans move to proxima centauri?
why did you have butt hole blood at all&&newline<jsoh> i have hemmerhoroid inflammation&&newline<jsoh> it comes and it goes&&newline<inkwell> tmi
yagshemash i am piccolo from namek
you can't corner the dorner
i'm having a schizoid episode
blood and gore is da bess
freakshow is ok too
guro is the best
gurochan best chan
i'll teach you to become... an ass whisperer
me gusta le epic maymays
bacon... pictures of space from google images... sriracha btich. ever heard of it? its hot sauce, basically, but the internet said its good so it just tastes better
every cis man should be castrated upon birth. true redpill dark triad men chop off their wifes limbs so she cant escape your man castle. white people who eat chinese food should be burned at the stake. the cathedral is covering up the truth that the negroid race has an average iq of 28&&newline<poop> boom
im gay, i have aids, and i love to eat poop. i got aids from a piece of poop
not a lot of people are wacky and zany like me. for instance, i enjoy remembering consumer products and television shows from my childhood
sriracha bitch... yeah i said it. for every srarahca you dont eat im going to eat 3 [duker nuker] ...and im all out of sracha
[runs up to john brown on the gallows and chucks a box of ally cookies at him]
civ 5 owns&&newline<acoustickitty> even just hurtful, it?s literally wrong. like that one
first they automate every job away... then obama bows to a japanese robot. i dont like the direction our world is headed
i may not enjoy rob schneiders films but i appreciate his activism in the anti-vaccine cause
ill have a mcrib... save the pickles and add goji berries
im retarded, as a political statement
mark driscoll has gone off the straight path and thats why he got kicked otu of the church. and as kevin is more devoted to mark himself than god, kevin has now strayed from the straight path as well. and hes one of those dang, dirty homo retarded retard bastards
that awkard moment when a high profile false rape accusation reinforces societys disbelief in rape culture.... failz0r
the mcrib is a superfood, its organic, heirloom, and its back
usernames to register to prevent more people from joining maggotmaster crew: alisonbaeddel, baeddelthafunkeehomosapien, lana-baeddel-rey
.tell fermata i can definitely believe that stuff is not butter
.tell fermata i changed my name to pablo on facebook as a joke but the joke's on me because i can't change it back for two months
.tell fermata there is a man in the uk with my name and he has a son with my brother's first and middle name as his first and last name
7kwvycw5gaeg3ufopgggwnqqabrewg2pjp3kmutauuuubs3w7dmdhy3n/pazfjususq8gq96o8kfmlqmzw/plhicaui+7mnpvwcfggjdphdeaf3ljkbaggxbjb97e2xmwa2jqnww64l1lsjclwfukof1zcwy/seam936wq5x2dwzcjjq/+uem1regchsbiwuwbqk78vifdxcn3rtqqond40mqmy09wfzzawdydlanqc+3u6wfbzi0s3rkkglzra2a8s2jup5e2pkkkyqasivjsd08id/kvjwnu8imvoxkrwbi0sdqle/cgpjcosmjdtnnfkduad1vgljqxypyc9hrusnayi1iabjjaajo58zbtwq3d4szpeecx/vxy5ardicpy3omhog6ne+lpq
<puppies> medical has a cameo as the salieri to kevin's mozart
does anyone understand the ray j. johnson joke? i heard it on king of the hill and it has been bugging me ever since. is it supposed to be funny, or just not make any sense to the point where it is funny? it goes 'my name is raymond j. johnson, jr. now you can call me ray, or you can call me j...'
ftrzorikq1njktlh8yoznutc/8qafaebaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaap/eabqraqaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad/2gamaweaahedeqa/anxoooociiigkkkkaorxlifusxcqoustyadcknyuq8s7aa/7jguiux7yqyd3ev7oyg5m8h1hxqgt3cgkkaaxjoga53qj4j2uwsjqzzkxf7qjvsf2zhlfs/8appstj+is5cztpoj3lxk91hwn1afs7aac1va5vxdhjtyqvwklcntt3sighpfobz9ury0dxie1ojzhlho442ui5j5gh20zowc1v2ddttfssl43ig8l4xqfn82hgodvilzlspia6dny69k5fs2jxmmf+s+jj0s7lrf+e1z4jslhiuztheta299
fermata millions of transwomen of color were murdered for inventing buddhism via twerking in egypt
ffgfxy19ook/gcmvloxc/lps88uufkd4aoli7xudkc3abud4htpmaolrg2fnguojgdix+b6ucbi8dhia02egwyekbdabrkm5ubk5nzf3x3vc5qs8smad8bw8asltq20ibuxvsngbhixq6hy3be+iyf4xsrpdkt8jwuccccgf7lcbxfxscnqdxhiubm0yxuhqit/ah8k65ivhyp1kftnpgtuewga+zxhysbaksbksvuuooqmrcgjca39bvbvhkhedwyu4/daph5valqe4axbdry+ftpql2j2s2m24perlgkim6uoyehfxqdqkkkarxlifusxcqoustyadukk7cvdixts4sxrmbed3ukss4nskaucx2n7hwgumw52ofmbid8sxtyiw30fdpimgfrd
i had a tripod site dedicated to my friends' running joke of hating ornithologists
i just can't even
i really like when sincere product reviews unintentionally write an entire life
i remember when byob 'clicked' for me and was suddenly funny&&newline<puppies> that changed my perspective like permanently
ps1xewolthhzpdpz2/2hx9uszkd+yg8k25hu+dxeogmkbigklhbmcqqli9iccda4ucckw4ey8cvi7ore7orssnqlbfo1z52nndarpwobmqqugbod4j7zg2zbnc6jlz/afd6veljmiyhna/pmf/uvubjeaklygmqgq3bbyemrktbceegjox61pnjwrwqncwnjql7elbg4sjcgastpncsugfgrfwwf71a4+elyqlqxtmykzgpf3juobblzjofp6wv7/s7dys0zm2trwbujnpzqbfxbkplxbhm+hld3hjl/bdb1yzuzvwcactgbw8nhtqsuf4hzi1ki1vcv3ksngu9bhnzfjzqg41ijk4krnijoguvjazdnqwbue6nebny2u1etyeknjgayiw8zurp
what's an ouya
bl8dbttyhsuvdlqrr3xueajlcec3s2lhbla1bw4ifqux/h3j138bkrfzkgh41vctlxemjmcc/cga5afq5yfvjmlq1z4jzrbrgovk5wmemzexbvredoqmu/qgkphfnvjhbizmj76na8zu94uzb5wvgbwsldolbmvmowjsf4uhzwhmqqseqbict0y28xhn9l301pni4nh8tmoamyoobagqnls2q+fhnjb5exxq2xsnylxixa0otmpzrgorqsrbtolmticblz3om+4z2ayyefwwmjyweiafxtc+e7pzjtzrbgvz9nfabimacphcfgxjjyfsrc6enlrrew5ea2hlq0txiqgixcyngvzpdqyge60i21tzdsclxte9vnf+zwwmvcrickw1apeoohqi/fk
fk0h5n3bxpo+g0q74oywomdmrm8l0wkqbykehx2gxcc+y+6ltixfqugcjwaspbopqvupnb/ha2vp/kiy/uh9bir/abmkkk5diqohakfat294kx31lfvsanab50exhfcczjmjgnkuxlkoulzewb3qwsf0azw0pyw0ajukuw/9n79ajclwhjxxg7sbsta9rnknnladnl361nociiigkkkkcs4zjziymqoacxyupbqzqalmnff57vdtikzbgp4xv/3167sx5jf/f+mdvjmysmhldqvog8i3i+qioloyyf8a5f8a0p8a99ew4lmn+7h8en9ahlc7hlo9wcp6x05etesjc12o3xmt6a2vry01olldcqklod3zviqsoioxomp5jy1busyocmemwigbmqf
gst5rzab66ufpljyxdticyzlfgwakjlfukcuo3udf5w4jeqgmzthhb7xti9hvzbs/xbf72nxtnwvgmblzwwsww2sqi9732jzjcw1vbcv7giwyymjshbevicvkjssozwsf0ul3hkp5igvo9jyzs+jyl+ic4v3l/q+eehpcm2w0qunezvkylisv3ugbvbhjcrsfq1kgebgjw41vc0ycp4fhssglygjvbsc8uzzfc1wrpccibbg28ct7o8oijasskognrdmumedlvgv52fbt4ftji48yliijy3iv543hy66rzvctfl4hbxfqvar9ucgxv8lkobcyyrz4lpnlkkkpzj5dqa8t9iijyxtzx9bmeqn1zgsfgwqoxpzxgrxkgoca3yewshyajkn4ukb54v
i find it kinda funny i find it kinda sad, the times when you're not posting are the only times i laugh
i read your name as zhuge_blumpkin at first
indulgent quinoa ouya hot dish
is your dad hot
it's time for a pup inspection (please imagine an umlaut over the u in pup)
ive been non jokingly asked if i was autistic more than is average i think
look at this boring ass quarter data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4aaqskzjrgabaqaaaqabaad/2wceaakgbxqrehuuexqwfhqvgbwxgbgygb4ygbwchroygbcfgsaehyghgb0lhrwziteijsorli4ugcazodmtnygtli0bcgokbqufdgufdiszexkrkysrkysrkysrkysrkysrkysrkysrkysrkysrkysrkysrkysrkysrkysrkysrkysrk//aabeiaoea4ambigaceqedeqh/xaacaaacawebaqeaaaaaaaaaaaaabgqfbwmcaqj/xabheaacaqieawuebgcfcaidaaabagmaeqqsitefqvegeyjhcqcygzeui0khsfazumjygshr
my gender is balegdeh my pronouns are ba/leg/deh
the pee mist
wait so afrocentrism is actually a thing and not just another funny tumblr word?
what are carrot sticks
why the fuck did i click that bugs on dicks link
x/dypmwczzgxugdoovupmvzviwpwy58syvbk3huy907aahxayyj/r2qxhe1wo4eiioxewi2pk0lck7zg2xlvy7jpywoniopb7m9t8jxb2jgc94guvyagwsdssncrpemsgkkkkaoooociiigkkkkaoooocq7jhg4cke75ydicqkqs7srqcqocxsn9nkre1hapciywopkxeim6qlzuasa8pj8kziboctsatakfe4mriud5jpwguhd3laseuarqsb4v5kcxnrgjpgokyzvl3sgaakhybphkb8jlohdjosuwn9snk48o4fpjlgjqsq2lczygp+uotn/hsuh8v6nxcjhw+wtidau1zhhl8y0speb+liulk2jw4vfrqk4hpssm07q9zczyg1kfts7gnvc
i did teen law because i thought i wanted to go into lawyering&&newline<ref> turns out teen law was actually the diversion course for people with legal trouble
i got a detention for doing that think where you hide the icons and set the desktop as a screenshot of the old dekstop&&newline<ref> so people think it's frozen
i have a baby cock
i have with ssb4 censoring peach's undies is that even knowing the proper pronunciation of 'holy water': http://t.co/gngjerj2mr
i oded on delsym once when i got post flu bronchitis and couldn't sleep
i paid $100 to yogventures
president bush has recently purchased an incredibly powerful computer, made by gaming computer company alienware, in order to support his new video gamer habit.&&newline<ref> 'he mostly plays rpg games,' one source commented, 'whenever i drop by his study, he's usually playing the witcher 2. i think that's the reason he decided he needed an upgrade [of his gaming computer].'
the trouble with referees is that they know the rules, but they do not know the game.
what the fuck &&newline<ref>  i just found out my friend/coworker's fuck buddy is an attractive badgette
also he jacked off and came on the carpet and we gad to clean the yellow gunk out when he left
before i quit playing i was the top heals in his guild
i havent listened to a rap album since captain dan and his scurvy crew launched on gbs 8 years ago
i pretend my dad died bc its less embarassing than saying he left us for his world of warcraft girlfreined
i want to go to sleep but i'm trying to help this dude not lose his thumb on the forums
it was funny 9 years ago when i was 18&&newline<handlebar> lmao ref is old and still a gigantic manchild
ok ok ok, i'll reveal this because i'm drunk. ibecause i'm super sensitive about this odd: but back in undergrad my first college gf had perfect boobs but was a terrible person and things went way longer than they needed too&&newline<ref> like we'd get drunk and she'd flash the whole room and everyone agreed they were the best boobs on campus, but like you can only raw dog the racist, ronnie reagan president of the pro life club so long before you decide
the only relative i regret making fun of them?' responded something awful's synirc network! we have to i could major in journalism(or before), i will in my face* i've lost my reason. -goldenliontamarin
vinyl is going to lobby for a western firendly oil pipeline in georgia by telling everyone his story about cucking the boson bombers
we got a patient on service that was a transwoman with a note that she had been very angry with the er calling her mr and overall being pricks about her gender&&newline<ref> so i go in and carefully say 'good morning miss...' and immediately get a furious what the fuck did you just call me&&newline<ref> turns out the electronic system hadn't updated a bed change so i had just talked to a dude who had his dick shot off 3 hours before and was not happy about it
what a dated ref maarak &&newline<samog> i dont see any dated refs in here. haha&&newline<maarak> lol&&newline<chairman> d-d-d-d-damn&&newline<ref> f.u.c.k&&newline<goldenliontamarin> oh man..
i was in an irc channel with this guy for like a year and he wouldnt shut up about how hilarious diapers are. thats all he discussed day in and day out. i would assume its a similar kind of psychological displacement thing.
i found the statistics on nazi.com to be well sourced and appropriately selected to reveal the true facts about race, which i know you are all too intellectually inferior to have sought out yourselves,
i was an administrator, of the spore wiki
oh yeah the guy posting about how his friend died is actually posting about how one of his customers died, because he is a drug dealer&&newline<inkwell> krokodil tears
bear in mind i regularly testify in court
i proved myself a competent and caring individual
in 1989 a crack italo unit was sent to prison by a military court for a crime they didn't commit. these babies promptly escaped from a maximum security stockade to the eurodance underground. if you have a problem, if no one else can help, and if you can find them, maybe you can hire the baby's gang.
read j. sakai and akira toriyama, setteruzu, the manga
cool&&newline<scaevolus> just fyi #lf: skybot's .g and .gis won't work for you guys anymore, i only have so many queries before goog bans me&&newline<scaevolus> hth
tiny vinyl writing to his scandinavian pen pal&&newline<turdwarlock> dear sven. do you have lean cuisine there. this is p white. love steven
puttin' on the ritz.
what in the blue hell happened to this channel
any group to claims to be an predator-free oasis should be seen as suspect - specially if said group claims to be the only right one and the only abuser-free one.
it has seriously been a year plus since i've been in here (save the other week) and you guys are still obsessing over the mcrib.&&newline<theta_ray> what the fuck is ~wrong~ with you?@!
i don't know why i would have said that
ahaauhuh.
and someone in shop class put gum in my hair and the teacher had to cut it out in front of everybody
berf goon
do you think people would still fantasize about the nazis if they'd been in olive drab like everyone else and just had a color bar flag?
g oddamnit i want to kiss a cat so bad.
god damnit i can't get the nostalgia critic's face off my yt recomendations
he looks like a guy i know who is cute and also saved my face after drunke faceplant into gravel, but also who had sex with a horse.
he's not having a breakdown, he's got the sonic's arms blues.&&newline<inkwell> *rimshot*
i am literally gagging at the idea of egg and veal in gelatin
i can't believe google doesn't have a direct chat representative for me to rant to about the nostalgia critic's fucking ugly mug on my youtube recomendations
i don't think i'd want to own or kill or eat a tiger if i was rich, but i'd want them to put me into a kevlar suit, i'd want to try to see if i could wrestle one with human grit
i dreamed we had an #lf meet and we went to clean up cwc's trash house.
i never beat the sega jurassic park because my brother wasn't patient enough to let me show him how easy the level was to beat and i got angry and flushed the notes i kept and he cried and i cried.&&newline<tinhorn> the raft level
i never masturbated in a theater, but i did get drunk and miss half of twilight three and walk into a spiderweb
i once had a chili recipe that called for marijuana ash that somebody had gotten in australia from a slav who also taught him how to smoke in the shower
i ship fermata with dogs, but only platonically.
i've been to ottawa
ime&&newline<tinhorn> it clung
it really fucking smelled. almsot as bad as the anchovie incident&&newline<tinhorn> almost..&&newline<fermata> what is 'the anchovie incident'&&newline<pepito> what happened with that, yeah&&newline<tinhorn> an anchovy container exploded into my face and into my eyes and the entire apartment smelled like death and we opened every door and window in the middle of summer florida for hours and my roommate closed his door and wouldn't come our and breathed frebeeze the entire t
it was rotten. it exploded from rottenness
my business teacher said she and her husband didn't talk politics to eachother at all and then later she asked us what we thought about abortion and then grilled us about it and a girl told a story and cried. what a hypocrit
my sister broke my puppet so i threw her teddy bear out of the sixth story of this chauteau. we then watched a handsome butler grab it and then appear at our hotel door. she liked that and life isn't just
my sister's ex ate dog biscuts to play nintendo 64. now she's a lesbian
oh son of a bitch the nostalgia critic is back on my youtube front page.
one time i saw a kid smuggling pain killers in his prosthetic arm get arrested at highschool
somebody declared a friend of mine to be honorary black because his name was travis, which to her was a black man's name. 3 am waffle house, on the way walking home drunk
travis married a baptist girl in the trash garden behind his mother's gas station/front for video poker. there was no dancing and half of us got smashed while the rest of them looked on all angry like
we used to make our pensies talk with silly voices by, get this, pinching our pee holes
why would you make moonshine taste like banana runts
youtube is still convinced i'm a brony despite it literally asking me and me saying no
*gets onstage to receive the fat femme award* im having so many feels. id like to thank the poc for being generous enough not to kill me even though i deserve it for being white. thank you. thank you all. im sorry if i have offended anyone with this speech
sex worker exterminationist radical feminist&&newline<turdwarlock> we need to combat the swerf's by convincing women to prostitute themselves
spending a lot of time with other mentally ill people on twitter has exacerbated my broken brain and caused me to identify not with my real life body, but with a hermaphrodite cartoon porn pony he paid someone to draw for him to jack off to
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for fat children.
creed really wasnt that bad.
draw me like one of your ogre girls
hmm... my dna thing says im 13% southeastern european, which corresponds perfectly to my grandpas biological father at 12.5% of my genes. what if im a serb. i cant go on living
http://puu.sh/3ieyy.png
i&&newline<turdwarlock> d&&newline<turdwarlock> o&&newline<turdwarlock> n turdwarlock left the room (kicked by pacific.or.us.synirc.net (flooding (limit is 4 lines per 20 seconds))).
i respect that you need to cope, pepito, with the trauma of having looked at your own tweets, but its messed up to troll me
if they really want peace why do they keep firing poopy diapers onto israeli children. tell me that
im prescribing mmw 20g of homeopathic sleep aid, 35mg of ginger root, 10g of organic cage-free kale and 1 cd of the most relaxing classical music ever (with rainforest noises bonus track)
im cutting off genetalia of children all around
im cutting off the circulation to my dick and balls with a wallet chain. the wallet says korn and my dick is going to fall off -kayden, age 9
doctor who chat?
figures the pesky pal/international edition is better again....
how do i addquotes
i feel like i can't do anything, i just look at vegeta... reaching super saiyan felt impossible for him. he felt like he could never do it. but he wanted it enough and worked hard enough and even though it took him ten times the effort it took goku, he did it, even though it was so hard for him to attain (nearly impossible)
'kevscendence', the movie where mark driscoll gets blown up during his ted talk about a woman's place in civilization and the only solution is to transplant his brain into kevin's body
*im at the black ops listening post in a secluded mountain facility in west virginia* 'they're talking about diapers again'
bob awakian. communism on fleek.
in the tumblr gender system, the posters are classified into two equally important groups: fake, where the gender is totally made up, and gay, where straight people decide that not wanting sex is q***r. these are their stories.
kevin's prayer&&newline<y> was absorbed&&newline<y> by the darkness.
start the iterf reactor.
super gentendo trendertainment system
the only thing 'laffy' about taffy is how freakin' bad it is!
are we talking about whether the star trek transporter kills you. i know a lot about that subject. im an expert.
bellingcat offers an intelligence package about the demon king piccolo's defense capabiliteis but it's just a printout of dragonball.wikia.com/piccolo_daimaou
cs:go just said 'players searching for game: 1488' but it went by too fast to screenshot it. life is ephemeral...
final fantasy tactics is bad
fluo is a regular in the gamergate thread&&newline<chairman> pro- or anti-&&newline<y> pro
i found a nightmare...&&newline<y> i have the irc logs of the runup to the 2004 election and i was saying shit like a vote for nader is a vote for bush...
i got a game gear for christmas from my grandmas house and it ran out of batteries before we left and went home
i got an email a few months back that someone beat my score in audiosurf on a track where the artist was mislabeled. they had the same mislabeled track from kazaa or whatever, 6 years later
i just joined a counterstrike server&&newline<y> and there were 3 members of the server's clan on it absolutely laying into each other over voicecom while playing their rounds. talking about each other's lives and girlfriends and how they hated each other and how 15 years of counter strike was being ruined today.&&newline<y> they did this for about 45 minutes until the administrator shut the server down forever&&newline<y> i'm not convinced it wasn't some kind of surreal
i just turned off an elimination game in the nba finals to watch coolio lose on chopped
i made a classmate download seed because i didn't have a personal computer that year in college. not only was it a horrible show but he left all the torrent clients on and the it department had to shut the building's internet down because he was seeding all the episodes
i took a piss at a gas station near here and someone had scrawled 1488 into the 'do not flush paper towels' notice.
i want to get an atlanta hawks jersey with kakarotto 69 as the name and jersey number
i'm a survivor of ritually reading these tumblr quotes being pasted into lf
i'm an accelerationist *shoves foot on the gas pedal until his toyota camry becomes uncontrollable and smashes into a telephone pole*
i'm gonna blow your fuckin head off with my anime aug you stupid shit
i'm not convinced it wasn't some kind of surreal performance art&&newline<y> it was the dissolution of people's lifelong freindships, being hashed out during a match of fy_poolday
i've got the katamaris on the shelf
im the guy in the goon ferguson race riot mumble
is 'return of kings' guy named after lord of the rings. does he think he is aragorn.&&newline<grifty> *rubs athelias (kingsfoil) against the toxic poisons of the femenist agenda* anduril will taste blood on this day&&newline<grifty> gandalf greybeard puffed his pipe pensively. 'perhaps it is men, who are opporessed.' he throws the envelope holding a spetember 2012 copy of bitch magazine on the blazing hearth.
mark driscoll, broken and defeated after the scandals that destroyed his ministry, gets by on suing seattle pacific university over copyright claims for the kevin epubs
my glasses broke. now i can't even read irc. smh.
my posting station is the scene from the lawnmower man where he's trying to get out of the computer at the end
someone is about to post a sick burn about the owner of tumblr.txt when their speakers rumble: 'do not pursue lu bu!'
sure enough i know what the problem is. seen it a hundred times. you've blown the cistrans binary out. it'll be $600 to replace, and that's just parts, we'll have to get it shipped in from detroit. you're looking at 7-10 business days.
the ad on this gay porn site is telling me i can learn a trick to suck off straight guys because julius caesar used to blow roman centurions
the cover of an animorphs book except it's just 10 frames of fukuyama in an identical pose
the theme song is a collaboration between rick ross and skrillex. it's probably the greatest movie of all time
they didnt talk about the game at all, it was just about how they were each total scum as human beings&&newline<y> but they were still playing the game the whole time&&newline<y> 1 guy was spectating actually&&newline<y> 'your wife can't even hold down a job at mcdonalds. that's why she stays with you.'&&newline<y> *gets a sick headshot*
what is my gender today, internet? *the newtype flash races across my brow*
on the eve of jesus' birthday you pull this shit boy
(editor's note: this was not prompted, and it was on april 20)&&newline<acoustickitty> ok i suck harder than any other opening. which basically means weed, pot smoking, and smoking marijuana. 4/20 is the time of purchase.
*in liam o'brien's upper crust delaware accent* white boy doesn't understand racism, news at 11. you wack and you can throw me out of the abbot. when asked in the
<&highfong> http://i.imgur.com/2dykf3d.jpg&&newline<acoustickitty> obama phones
<&odd> !markov suck&&newline<@acoustickitty> suck my dick: odd  8==================d~
<&odd>&&newline<acoustickitty> odd should i expect an essay on how much i can understand the harvesting process? name 5 cotton harvesting machines. didnt think so. i can get training and lessons to heart&&newline<&odd> lmao&&newline<acoustickitty> get wrecked,
<&poop> this. also, hes gay&&newline<acoustickitty> fight me little man
<&patrock> http://i.imgur.com/hdjjmdq.png&&newline<acoustickitty> classic kevin
<acoustickitty> 2 night lets watch some diaper trick vids with my blogs title in the anger management center in berkeley
<acoustickitty>&&newline<khawaga> whheuuuuuueueueuuuuuuuu....>willeianm mary style
<acoustickitty> i would like to eat out hilarys ass
<acoustickitty> koshkette: [155/853] 2011-12-06&&newline<kevin> i've decided to measure my worth but no ice skates allowed
<pepito> to celebrate, i had some anti-peasant trotskyist people killed in the bicentennial pan-american pooping jamboree brochure*
<~fermata> !markov&&newline<acoustickitty> fermata: i'll pass that along.
fermata: that person has too many vaccines
i think you said set toilets to one.' -riker on the way
it's ok jsoh i mailed your skull on 6 january 1965.
the oldest known leather shoe, about 5500 years old, a heterosexual red-blooded american male, a graduate of university of california at los angeles, a student at harvard law school, a nationally syndicated columnist, a bestselling author...and a virgin.
white people who eat chinese food should be castrated upon birth. true redpill dark triad men chop off their wifes limbs so she cant escape your man castle. white people setting up an establishment in lf? no wonder diagnosed gave everyone +q because all the games. grifty owns all games. $1,000,000,000.000
burn my corpse then send the guitar
dracula is real and is now above ground.&&newline<acoustickitty> that's good trolling
im looking to create a 'monarchy' and start krumping with dildos
it also makes you a sinner. spread that ass. im gonna break your ass, my man didnt even beat the bears to kill you motherfucker. old style
pal, ak ain't a bot
pal, you act like you're out of california
samog, patron saint of irc you log onto irc.synirc.net #lf to post in this http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=5droni6xhm8
samog: [515/1323] 2013-04-06&&newline<goldenliontamarin> im licking the toilet&&newline<acoustickitty> same but i feel right
wife got accepted for a job in palo alto which is also the duke of dubstep, gave mudcrabs depression, his brain's just wired a different personality but 11 just yells at me with this one kid being like 50 followers that this feral baby was being threatened by women who happened to skybot
*builds a new superweapon for the u.s. military* i love the smell of science in the morning.
*catman walks off balcony after giving a speech to normal people who don't use tumblr* i don't think they even heard me...
*looks in the mirror to see a fat, filthy dude with a wild beard staring back at me in a filthy apartment* this isn't my headcanon
*sitting up from praying* moon goon?
.tell fermata is the blog called shakethecobwebs because when she walks around the house all the cobwebs start shaking
14:34 salt is good, but if salt has lost its taste, how shall its saltiness be restored?
hulk not denying there were deaths but thinks 6 million sounds a little too high\
i was really into pink floyd in eight grade
j. sakai presents: settlers of katan&&newline<afatwhiteloaf> mythology of the white proletariat expansion pack
everyone thinks char is cool and it's just kind of a sign of how gundam failed
for you bonclay whose act is it anyway? (18+): a mixture of whose line is it anyway and homestuck! audience members get to participate in a variety of improv games, even in character acts!
ground control to faggot bruce
guess what my mom said to me today&&newline<afatwhiteloaf> she said i'd make great cia material
i played myc's twine game
i wish i could forget about bara because masturbating to cartoons is lame as hell
ill tell my parents im alt right and support trump now
it's touhou&&newline<&afatwhiteloaf> don't worry about it
kevin has an implant in his palm that flashes red when he gets horney. that's when his handlers come and get him, but not this time. he's going on the run. seymour's run
kyary pamyu pamyu abducts a general, gives a speech to the jsdf encouraging them to rise up
lol ladyloveandjustice whos going on and on about calling her asexual headcanons queer characters is adventuresofcomicbookgirl who was ablooing that queerplatonic zucchini is a dehumanizing slur
my dad is excited for the minion movie
one of my mexican coworkers said 'me gusta' once...i didn't know they had reddit in mexico
remember that goon that od'd on heroin and slept on top of his arm so long it died and the doctors were gonna amputate it but it was the arm he injected in so he just had them cut out all the necrotizing tissue which was like all the muscles that made it move so he just had a shriveled up arm only good for injecting heroin
signal boosting is the prayer of the secular tumblr user
speak softly and pilot a big gundam&&newline<maarak> -theostellar rosevlad
take me down to the paradise city where 75% of the people live in one building and an algorithm decides who gets to enter and leave the tunnel thats their sole connection to the rest of humanity
that soldier looked like he was crying cum
this is a level beyond kevin. you can call it kevin 2
this is why the internet needs to be nationalized
thought it would be muscle man randy savage, was disappointed&&newline<odd> thats macho man you doofus
who's pen&&newline<afatwhiteloaf> oh, pen ward
who's weev
yuu noo huu erusu izu rukke'su fazaa? mai mamu!
affliction t-shirts are cool
also my friends were saying that miley cyrus shouldn't be allowed to twerk because it's appropriating black culture
me reading tumblr: *scrolling* analysis of minions *scrolls faster* if you still support pearl after. *scrolling faster, sweating now*
my brother quotes tv tropes all the time it's awful
smoogie smoogie smoogie smoogie rocken everywhere. smoogie smoogie smoogie smoogie&&newline<smoogie> smoogie nights&&newline<ajj> down, you miss new smoogie&&newline<kemperboyd> new smoogie was widely considered to be a serious misstep on part of the samog company&&newline<smoogie> teach me how to smoogie&&newline<pepito> all i want to do is smoogie&&newline<kemperboyd> all i wanna know who smoogin tonite
when i was at college they roomed a guy with 3 nipples with a guy with two penises
as an expat, it's even more depressing. the left is balls deep in advocating changes that flat out screw every single expat like we are some sort of criminal. the right, as utterly horrible as they are, throws us a bone now and again.
fermata whats this&&newline<antpocas> what is cabot cheese
i love to give myself a bongwater enema
weed is a feel and anyone can know it.
ah&&newline<antpocas> nothing like a hit of weed ripped off a friend
and i suppose that it's with missandei that daenerys is gonna have gay sex with
brad pitt is rocking a pencil moustache right now and it looks great on him too. being able to pull off the pencil moustache is just the height of hubris
hey kemper, instead of investing in real estate, have you thought about investing in a marijuana grow house? someone who isn't me make a 250% return on each growth cycle
i have a friend that if he was a pua, he'd have godlike status
i like chinese democracy but it's not as a good as appetite for destruction
i read an entire harry potter fanfiction. it was somewhat interesting at first. then i finished it because i can't not finish a story once i start reading it. it was awful. it's the most shameful thing i've ever done. also the biggest waste of time
my drug stories. i'm that guy gets mad whenever someone says something about cats a lot
my drug usage is making me resentful&&newline<&antpocas-lt> fuck you motherfucker, if you want to smoke buy your own damn drugs
the only act i care about is the getbaked act
weed!!!
foreign policy is sometimes good
wee hands is my dj name
i saw big boi at the house of blues @ disney
(regarding the shit he is drinking) its a bit nutty
very randy shag baby
grr baby very grr
i've aids.
tom brady and hitler did nothing wrong
everyone else like sisters of mercy is right.
'derpy hooves the best pony we have to save derpy hooves they trrying to kill her and we have to save derpy' -- julia serano, 'excluded'
whyd you have to go and make things so complicated. you see the way youre acting like youre somebody else gets me frustrated. lifes like this you. you afll. and you crawl. and you take. what you get. and you turn it in to. honestly promise me im never gonna find you fake it. oh noo noo
im always like. tim wise 'gets it'. why doesnt he become black.
tumblrs better than pumpers. i like tumblrs. look at those tumblrs. aint those tumblrs cute? look at those tumblrs. aint those tumblrs better than pumpers?
'all is vanity' --  genpei toumaden for the sega genesis
'and then link, i mean me, took up the master sword in his, i mean my, right arm, and held it up high, and slew the evil ganondorf, just like in the video games i'm obsessed with in the most childish way. then princess zelda, and not my wife who i refuse to have sex with, had sex with link-me.'&&newline<fermata> link is left handed, vivian&&newline<bonclay> in link to the past he switches his handedness based on what direction hes facing. i remember this fro
'even the greatest journeys start with a single step.' -- sacha baron cohen as 'borat'
'hello. i am a finnish security company contractor which does criminally shoddy work in helping to develop the third world. but thats my day job. my real passion is selling propecia, and propecia accessories'
'hey sexy lady. oppa gangnam style.' -- oppa gangnam style.&&newline<fermata> i love the song 'oppa gangnam style' by 'oppa gangnam style' off of the album 'oppa gangnam style'
'i am a gun... *mischievously strokes metal mustache* ...not!!' -- the irony giant
'i am such a loser.' *jabs umbrella into belly* 'my gu-uuuts, my guuuts.'&&newline<bonclay> --last words of famous japanese author yukio mishima
'me thinks it mighty sexy when a supple youth quaffs the pungent ambrosia from the pregnant horse's vagina' -- aristophanes&&newline<chairman> chiron was the original gatekeeping cisfuck doctor
'the anime world is every bit as real as this world, no more or less.' -- tim allen
'this is my custom made magic card. it has my original character thrash on there. thrash is like an evil formless demon with red eyes.' -- my middle school friend, showing me his custom made magic card
'those with no love for borat get pwned / like those who defied god used to get stoned / i don't mean they get high, i mean that they get smashed / before a solemnly approving sagdiyev...&&newline<bonclay> 'jagshemash!!!''
'what do you do up there in boston? eat baked beeeans?' -- some pretentious goofball at a party my parents threw when i was a little kid who didn't understand me when i told him i lived in baltimore
'what is the point of luxurious locks if you can't look yourself in the mirror?' -- kemperboyd
'what the hell is this... sparkling vampires?! what the hell is this bullshit?' -- count dracula, a real vampire who drinks actual blood and smokes true weed, gives his take on twilight
'gay street... gay street!?' -young vivian visiting downtown bmore in utter disbelief
'gotta go fascist' -- anhedonic the pagan hedge hog
'ill be ready in ten minutes guys. im just cropping out a cartoon mutant cragdick and saving it at increasing levels of zoom and jpg distortion.' -- pepito on fargo
'im going to name him john. like homestuck, which is where the name comes from' -- mama lurie
'the glow cloud is coming. do not be afraid of the spooky glow cloud. and now the bee bee song'&&newline<bonclay> *muscle man mitch voice* woooo oooooo
'wheres the rock?' -- questions i ask my empty home every day
'trolling'&&newline<fermata> you should be proud&&newline<bonclay> i am
(communicates sincere intentions packaged within boxes, ribbons and wrappings of elegantly decorative irony)
(inkwell chides back in lucca chrono trigger voice) planes aren't evil... humans just make them that way...
(someone posts this as a meme) (pic of steiner and beatrice) this could be us but you playin final fantasy x (pic of the totally wooden and forced feeling romance between tidus and yuna)
(to the tune of abba's 'dancing queen') i.m. meen... trapped some dumb preteens...
*brock samoson listens to i spy by beat happening and hears the last line* whoah. (follow bonclay for more nigh impenetrable jokes*
*enter's the tavern, my long silken tresses overflowing into my dark yet iridescent cloak.* barkeep, please, some honey mead and your finest tansy. *sit's down in the corner of the room and glowers at the other patrons, seemingly with her own secrets to hide... but who would tap them?*
*on a pensive looking minion picture* you know my name, not my story. you know my mourning, not my glory. im strange but your a stranger, only god can judge me. look past my surface, to know me is to love me.
*piccolo voice* yesterday you said tomorrow. do it! dont let your dreams, be dreams.
*poop voice* when i walk on by. / people can see i'm a golden small fry. / this is how i roll. / juicy wet turds leaking out of control. / girl look at that monkey. / i eat poop. *long break*... im golden lion tamarin (@lowenaffchen) and i know it
*psychotic bro gets his scopophobia triggered* i warned you about stares bro! i told you dawg
*shakes a withered claw in the direction of the salt workers and hisses* cursssesss... my ill-gotten fortune! damn you, hugo ssshavez! death to venezuelan imperialism!!!
*a gothic lolita witch beandog appears from a pitcher of sweet tea* hello. did you know? being gender nonconforming doesn't necessarily mean you are trans. dysphoria is an extremely rare condition appearing in a fraction of a percentage point of the population.
*a small bean with the face of a dog appears out of your delicous black eyed pea soup* did you know? america is a devil nation
*catman looks at pictures of underage anime girls* neoteny make papa horny
*does the music beat with her mouth* im gonna plape some tanes. only got index cards in my pocket. read my tweets to a williamsburg crowd, ive got a stutter but im going to rock it
*does the sandstorm beat, which pkp loves, but its all farts*&&newline<samog> pyary kamyu pamyu&&newline<bonclay> kelli peach pop
*eager droll voice* oh, i'm just dying for bush's oil profits!
*enraged dark elf from elder scrolls iii voice when i see frank lloyd wright walking around town* now you die!!!!!
*goatses the devil* haha. now you have to do what i say. thats just how it works
*goes up to ibm and meets a blue web ghost* 'upload, download, scan?' 'computer, give me sad anime'
*grabs a cb radio and puts it on all channels so all truckers must endure this* krrrhhrhhh breaker breaker gay failtard whats your fourteen eighty eight diap me up good buddy
*grifty goes into a conbini to purchase some small food items and beverages* ah konnichiwa. game center cx. kacho on
*hank hill voice* well sure in the short run youre going to save a little bit of money on ornamentation. but did you know that your propane costs can run up to 50% higher during the winter months if you don't firmly react to modernist architecture styles. baroque spires and gothic towers are actually more efficient in the long run thats the strickland guarantee.
*has unwanted pregnancy magically not exist anymore thanks to the mysterious intervention of st brigit of kildare* whoah.... epic win much?
*horrible falsetto* my name is ahuviya. why do you keep calling me phil
*is writing the food plan for the whole world government* give... people... some... good jew food. there we go
*its literally just a encyclopedia page picture of a planarian* goals. we are dating. i want those hormones.
*jay reatard is operating an iron plow with a greasy australian rock and roll skeleton. he sings as the earth is turned up* death is farming death is farming death is farming death is farming, farming death farming death farming death farming death
*looks at full mustache and dickprint panty pics* obviously this is a trans woman. doesnt make sense to you? well its an agender trans woman doofus. and 'she' is doing a lot to help 'baby trans girls' so there
*looks at skull* whoa... i rememento that im gonna mori someday.... goodness gracious
*mike guzzling a coors* swag *dudeio in his dr who trench coat and scarf brandishing a sonic screw driver* class
*mr. dink shows up with massive plasticine breast implants and grotesque levels of facial feminization surgery* veerrrryy expensive, douglas! hyuk hyuk! *doug screams and realizes he has just been lost in another one of his many strange reveries, and is relieved to find the same old mr. dink standing before him*
*nick sees that the command to pick up the book is 'steal' but he takes it anyway* *his dad sees* *exact dark elf male voice as he aggroes nick* you n'wah!!
*peach kelli pop voice* pugs of summer are here to stay / we know youre gonna like it and they aint goin' away
*picture of the practitioner of islam kneeling in despair and confusion from the chick tract* a moon troon?
*sees a pink badman shirt* my wife picks out all my clothes now but i dont care. i simply must have this. i must let the world know... what i still am... on the inside...
*sees lindso watching beyonce music video through window and sings with concern* why do you have to look up to her? aside from in a literal sense... don't you know that a power that big, comes with a bigger expense?
*sees the cartoon character baby huey* #life goals #we are dating
*shady dude in trenchcoat and bucklehat emerges from dark alley* hey there son... whats your name... kevin huh... thats a nice name... well kevin... do you wanna take a... free personality test...
*singsong* nationwide will poach your hide...
*that exact bill voice because its perfect* why is everybody callin me catman. my naa~aaame is catheriiiiiiiine
*tumblr voice* well i really dont care about lesbians because theyre cis shitlords but i guess i gotta do something to show im with it activistways. hmm. boycott sbarros pizza. boycott the speecey spicey meataball. boycott gabagool.
*turns to face camera, her foot planted firmly in the center of a chair from some public school* hi. i'm vivian realsubtle. most of you probably know me from my successful career in lifetime achievement. but what you probably don't know about me is that i love down-home cookin'. and thats why im here to talk to you today about vivian realsubtle's 'i'm certainly enthused about this eatery'
.tell jenkinjinkies i once was a lowly derp... now i am le epic derpina :-d donate to my crowd fund
1f w3 4r3 1ntroduc1ng typ1ng g1mm1cks 1nto #lf how 4bout w3 g3t som3 'l33t sp34k' up 1n th1s p13c3
22:07 -!- bonclay is now known as place2buypierogisonline
88&&newline<bonclay> the sex number
8^)&&newline<bonclay> pearl emote
<bonclay> .q add&&newline<&khawaga> add my good quotes to the damn quotebot. fermatas not here
<samog> hi&&newline<bonclay> hello, surface to air missile original gangster&&newline<&inkwell> *punches button and brings the malaysian airliner down* map crew 4 lyfe
<totalbodyworkout> himmler pounding his pud aggressively to lolicon and unleashing his fascist baby slime onto the well-seasoned floorstain of common usage
>descend onto tito's nuts.
a homemade coconut&&newline<bonclay> i made this coconut. in the forge that i have set up in my basement. this coconut is flavored with slicks of my sweat and flecks of saliva from the toil produced grunting.
arguing on the internet is like volunteering from the special olympics. if you win you have made a critical difference in the lives of societys most vulnerable persons.
barnacle jim walks into a bar and the bartender looks at him with sympathy.&&newline<bonclay> 'barnacle jim is funny,' he says.
baudrillard confusingly makes fun of your homestuck cosplay asmr
bawitdabawda bang da bang diggy diggy siggy said the boogie said up jump the boogie
because i am severely mentally damaged im now obsessed the ermahgerd meme again... sorry lads
big ox chi hz am lo of phone gucci kevin
blarmey! a chav alien nicked me body mate. im right chuffed, ill facking kill the blokes -- british avanna
coach mcguirk: brendan, everything is genderfluid. you to school? brendan: that's genderfluid. coach mcguirk: i go to work? brendan: genderfluid. coach mcguirk: this conversation... both simultaneously: it's genderfluid
capitalism 2: ein reich, ein volk, einstein's bagels
catman. dragonman. jobman. moon goon. the ex-men.
chacons heart is broke and achin'... his papa's fortune they've up and taken... now they'll see what kind of fortune they can make in... the land of win and epic bacon...
dahhhh penises and vaginas dont real im really smart and expressing this opinion about how sexual dimorphism doesnt exist in human beings
davesprite is fucking awful and ruined namco high
ellen pao then: 'we should leverage our synergy through best practices and value added.' ellen pao now: 'this is how the grain is threshed. i enjoy threshing the grain. this is the truly rewarding life.'
fig 1: homo habilis fig 2: homo erectus fig 3: homo sapiens fig 4: homo retarded
gas! gas! quick, boys!-- an ecstasy of fumbling,&&newline<boxingclay> fitting the clumsy fursuits just in time;&&newline<boxingclay> but someone still was yelling out and stumbling&&newline<boxingclay> and floundering like a fox in vore or slime.--&&newline<boxingclay> dim, through the misty panes and thick green light&&newline<boxingclay> as under a green sea, i saw them drowning' -- gizmo's report of the furry convention
girl hate math. only like carpet sample. only like egg timer. this is biodestiny
hello dave. what will your first sequence be?&&newline<bonclay> can i get a printout of karkat smiling
have gone #mentallyretarded from too much #weedsmoking #pain #loss #regret #drugabuse #addiction #weed #humanweakness #brainsisfried&&newline<patrock> im now a founder of all those channels
hope, jobs, cash. bob, steve, johnny. we had them for but a short time, yet they were the best things and similarly surnamed celebs we ever had. rip
howdy everybody! *plops a burbling pan of roast retard poop onto the communal #lf table* i broughtcha a special somethin'. now, don't be shy to dig in, i brought enough for everyone! =)
humans are ape descendants, i read about it in the liner notes of a devo album (my main source of reading material in this isolated mountain cabin)
i admit that i nursed the hitler monkey back to health. i am not ashamed because healing all creatures no matter how evil is my sworn obligation
i love adolf hitler. not a nazi btw, just a fan of history,
i want to kiss jeb bush, not like a lover but like judas iscariot kissing christ at the garden of gethsemane, a final insult before his imminent demise
i'm accepting myself!! i love my body!! *slowly kills self with eating habits and sedentary living, posts nude pictures for strangers on the nette*
im a high functioning muslim with a half-deaf ftm boyfriend. please donate, all proceeds will go to fancy pants
if you aren't on board with beyonce feminism then i don't want anything to do with your feminism.
if your trying to rustle my jimmies i feel bad for you son... im familiar with all memes and i find irony fun
im a body positive nonbinary sex worker. im on the ace and autism spectrums and i am a spoonie due to my high functioning irritable bowel syndrome
im a fuckign peace of shint
im a working mom *goes to job at a hedge fund* *has children raised by crowdsourced kickstarted flexible labor force via an app*
im gau. *gay i mean. im not the character gau from final fantasy iii (vi in japan.)
im one sassy right wing mama cita
im so pyscotic....im basically someone from a forum rp of a insain asylem
in the belly of the cold metal chassis i service most loyally / udderlike i tweak the fuel lines, emerging greasy and oily / insert me in a boeing and irrepressible pleasure's nigh / aloft on buxom wings of airbus, it's the sweaty kind of high
in this moment, i am euphoric. not because of any phony radfems blessing. but because, i am enlightened by my intelligence.
it's not news, it's dreugh cuirass's fargoth.com
joe and donny emerson: *sings baby to a small crowd of friends and acquaintances* 'i think they really heard us. now lets pass into blissful obscurity and live our lives for decades before being rediscovered'
jeeez. if i wanted nothin but highlights id go to an arkansan beauty academy or a pediatric waiting room!!!
jsoh: hello ranger. before i proceed. on my important hero quest. i must inform you. i have 'the autisms'.
jussi: successful baldman, failed businessman
justin beiber is gay. thank you&&newline<goldenliontamarin> justin beiber.. cant wait until he goes through puperty lol
keg: i am keg!!! im a loud stereotypically stupid failtard!! samog: ugh... this is unbearable but i gotta love ya... gimme a hug dude...
lung >act >patiently instruct by example dean sun is finally using his knowledge to aid the poor and lower-middle peasants! >mercy
literally fucking lmfao if you literally think the simpens is good fyi jsyk. you literal piece of human shit
me meeting khawaga's dad: 'howdy doo, vivian. may i call you viv? me llamo papa horney. and let me tell you, papa horney! lol. just playing around.' i laugh indulgently.
methodology: went up to shady looking men unloading boxes in front of piers. asked, 'are there sex slaves in that box?' response, 'no.' conclusion: determined that sex trafficking does not exist
monkeys are not stupid. they are smart and precious.&&newline<acoustickitty> them*&&newline<bonclay> them are smart and precious? i dunno, ak, that sounds a little off
murdering palestineans and confining them in ghettoes is justified because hamas human shields rockets suicide terrorist bombing! kupo-po! ^.^
my retarded personal syncretic religion is correct
nancy the imperial comes out to protest the closure of desele's house of earthly delights after the adaptation of new abolition laws in morrowind pattern off of the laws that ended prostitution in skyrim, claiming that the nordic model erases the lived experiences of sex workers
nancy the imperial disagrees with the methods of the twin lamps and thinks that trotsky the breton should lead the people of morrowind in an all out war to take over all of tamriel
o vermont, your children weep and gnash their teeth and rend their clothing. trinidad from ups has grieved nick harrington, and the walls of burlington ring loudly with the voice of his lamentations. for the taste of vermont syrup is sweet like that of wild honey, yet the taste of unwanted tasmanian syrup is bitter like the flesh of locusts.
oh ym god youre right. its like jon lemmonsaid in his album imagine all the peaceful
oh! those poor chinamen. had they only stayed loyally underneath the firm, fatherly thumb of chiang kai-shek
ok, but what about this... galo schengen
ok, look, this is going to be painful for you guys to accept but it's time to expose the truth once hidden. 420 is the weed number. it basically means weed, pot smoking, and smoking marijuana. 4/20 is a day where people--despite the law clearly saying they are not allowed to--covertly celebrate marijuana usage. i'm sorry
one time in baptistchurch i was hearing the sermon and brother joel tells a story where a man and his son and his sons unsaved friend were in a boating accident and he could only save one and he rescued the heathen boy because he knew his son would go to heaven but the faithless devil child would go to hell&&newline<bonclay> and that boy became  a preacher...
pierre from tim and eric wanted to 'meet that dad'. well some day we will all have to face our dad again someday.....god the father
post-marxian anarcho-communist nonbinary transgirl crippledyke. mentally ill. hikikomori. lumpenprole. don't follow me if you're a trans man or support the dictatorship of the proletariat.
project nsi ouya cancelled when all the packages are revealed to contain dirty diapers, broken lightbulbs, and splinters from one very expensive chair
pst. theres this irc channel you can go to. and say all kinds of messed up stuff, like 'hitler' and 'weep doop'. its called #lf and its kind of like the adult swim of the internet, just no holds barred 'raw' humor thats definitely adults only.
rands, k. (2009). mathematical inqu[ee]ry:&&newline<samog> mathematical inqueery&&newline<samog> starring&&newline<samog> rands&&newline<samog> www.jerkcity.com&&newline<http://www.jerkcity.com>&&newline<http://www.jerkcity.com>
reality. content warning: may contain men, or humans created in a factory which processes men
richard head. do you think his friends ever call him rick head to make fun of him. like haha. your head resembles a rick of wheat, loser
rose, pearl, amethyst, ruby and sapphire, moments before their greatest confrontation with the homeworld gems, doing ginyu force poses and name declarations. 'fight! to! gether! as! one!' they simultaneously intone as the five-way fusion takes hold...
sonic&&newline<bonclay> you'll cowards dont even go fast
shinji ikarti
sources in the rand corporation and the christian occupied korea newspaper club and the us state department say so themselves. by visitng  a memorial to a fallen soldiers kim jong un may be signalling blah blah blah we bombed every single inch of this country and depopulated it by 30% during the korean war, which is considered a 'minor' war in modern day historical accounts
stalin is just disgusting. the kulaks culture had been indingenous of russia 1000's of year before stalin kills them all. only just yesterday the expatriates museum got in a shipment of many ancient pottery and textile of the proud kulak peoples. stalin was the true hitler of wwii.&&newline<odd> he ate them
stop posting them without their names. denying people their names is a technique of erasure. borat sagdiyev. the love guru. stewie griffin. doogal. the croods. say. their. nanes.
stupid girls of ages 10-14 who squeal and giggle so much that satan is willing to drag them back to hell.
they're our 10 types of ppl in the this world... them whom can read binary, and they that cannot! :^p
the fast food patriot is a lambic and technically a stern talking-to about proper care, and the intimacy between subject and a fake doobie hit
the five-vote finn. 'salty' steve defrias. 'l'il' liam obediah.
the communists are brainwashing people, by saying things on television and radio, and saying things to children in a classroom setting
the foolish badass is weak and dumb yet full of gay wisdom. trace the seven by seven by seven paths of her saying stuff like 'drinking some drinks and watching a clip' to unlock ruinous absolution.
the subjugation of (de)gendered knowledge(s) and rebel bodies in charlottesville va&&newline<khawaga> rebuilt from the ground-up? queering the boyfriend-free girl
the world... is lazy... but you and me... we're just... [offensive content omitted]
they should bring back my little pony. they should reboot tyhe spiderman series. they should release another trilogy of star wars trilogies after the concluision of this trilogy. they should bring back andy richeter controls the universe. they should bring back an original state of th euniverse in which there was no life or matter or existenc.e they should bring back street fighter
this is the kind of stuff we need... adolf hitler.
umm, actually the worship of molag bal is empowering and liberating
way down yonder on the chattahoochie / fendi fendi prada prada gucci / we laid rubber on that georgia asphalt / see me on your college campus baggie full of adderalls
whereas troll romance is limited to a feeble four quadrants, and leprechauns must content themselves with a laughable nine quadrants, mac takes it to the logical conclusion and has infinite quadrants. mac is a pansexual, pangender spokesthing with as many genders as there are brands on the shelves.
william and helen o'brien incorporated helmark in 1969 and helen o'brien serves as the company's chief executive officer, secretary and treasurer. in addition, helen o'brien owns 54.12% of the company's stock. helmark contends that it is entitled to dbe certification in part because a woman controls the company.&&newline<bonclay> im laughing&&newline<bonclay> the wacky o'briens!
xd
yall aint gotta hate on the way i roll / if you want some more akagi just vote in the poll
you guys know the footprints in the sand story? one time we got told a more conservative rugged version of that. called butt prints in the sand&&newline<bonclay> the moral is that god will only carry you so far and if you dont carry out gods orders god will drop you on your ass and abandon you for a little while
[ image description: 10 photos show a deathfat latina with blue hair wearing white and pink gradient eyeshadow. in some photos she is wearing a pink top and blue skirt and in others she is wearing a white top with the same skirt. in a couple of the pictures she is wearing only the white top and her underwear. ]&&newline<bonclay> thanks, i am blind so thats helpful to me
[question] [unsolved] is it possible to freeze a fart and fuck the fart you froze? my daughter keeps asking and i have no answer ready for her
a bad day to be matt brydens paranoia&&newline<bonclay> what does that even mean&&newline<bonclay> a bad day not to be that guy himself&&newline<bonclay> but to be his paranoia
a few decades ago it was like, if you 'want to be barbie' then that shows you are trans, which is obviously erroneous since being transsexual isnt congruous with embracing societal femininity. but now the script has been flipped. and the false formulation of transsexuality is not 'wants to be barbie' but simply 'doesnt want to be ken'
a legion of youthful, obedient male subordinates in a quasi-military organization headed by a very drunk and stoned jay reatard
ah, put the invisibility potion on your head, and we shall steal the dragon's gold...&&newline<bonclay> join my liege, and we shall use elf kisses to make goblin wishes come true
as a seasoned bladeswinger i make sure to observe the 21 foot rule at all times, never getting closer than 21 feet to a person, not my spouse, not my children, not even my own mother or father, because i need to be able to turn if they dodge to the left while trying to shoot me
as someone who has seen billy bob thorntons sling blade multiple times i feel i am uniquely qualified to comment on the fact that some people just need killin'
baby ringo says his first words: 'peace and love, peace and love, do not send any more packages after october'
ban all anime
banacle jim is funny
before 1492 every society treated women the best. it was institutionalized epic misandry. fierce femmes everywhere dyed their armpits with berries and strutted about in stone heels
can you imagine kids growing up with role models like these. can you imagine how at peace with his own baldness kemper would have been if he had a role model like greg universe
chris dorner hiding with chuck mangione in the interstices of the megalomart building
chuck mangione, who was once referred to as a chick, knows the pain of being misgendered
confucian norms of mourning become revived on twitter. people close to paul must append all their tweets, psots and comments with #forpaul for three year period
cool, a zionist radfem just followed me on tumblr. *farts and the fart cloud turns into a grinning wario head. the wario fart head opens its mouth and belches.*
did you know that in europe, we call soccer 'football' and we call football 'winston churchill providing over the engineered famine in india which led to holocaust level death tolls'?
do you think khawaga ever gets put on hold and gets really excited because theyre playing his classical jam
dont make fun of me just cause i cant understand politricks
dont worry, i will fight hard against revisionist scum who want to boss lum around and tell her what to do
foreverially atomized and loving it, tiedup with ropes woven from byzantine postmodern obfuscations and rope mummified, immobilized by the cultural logic of late capitalism forever and foreverially partitioned off from communal bonding with neighbors and other workers and humanity as a whole, alienitized fully with a bologna tongue and cheese organs and ketchup mustard blood having labor extracted and loving it
fun with elvis is my desert island album. not because i think that it would be the one i could enjoy the most. but i want to know what kind of person only having that would turn me into
gender is a *pronounced to rhyme with gorgeous* bourgeois institution
get this: conformity owns
gizmo's pisskrieg
god is protecting you. hes sent guardian angels down to watch over you.&&newline<bonclay> theres uriel... and kleptor... spadrach, mehach, and abegnego... parpas and bleetie... glimple and trum
golgotha. the now limp lifeless christ. the sky darkens and the wailing of many men and women is heard. a booming voice descends from the heavens: 'i love my dead gay son'
green is my favorite color since i was a kid. this reminds me of when i went to the bank with my aunt lori as a kid. i couldnt get a green sucker so i asked for a purple one. then my cousin james asked for a lollipop that was 'santa claus colors'
gundam babies, they make our nightmares real. gundam babies, the scars of war won't heal
guys you dont get it at all... kemperboyd is imperializing africa ironically&&newline<bonclay> why are you getting so mad that he's sellin broken down inferior generators with no instructions or maintenance support to the third world. sounds like someong ot trolled
hello mother. hello father. im like a failson. but im your daughter.
heres a story. in 7th grade i had a 'current events' class where we were assigned the task of bringing in one 'good news article' to show the class. this was late 2001 i guess&&newline<bonclay> i brought in what i thought was a really well written article on hezbollah and how they were planning to increase their attacks in response to israeli aggression&&newline<bonclay> my teacher said it didnt count as 'good news'. what a maroon!
hi. im agender. but i also have a gender. that makes me bigender. if this is confusing to you then youre a piece of subhuman garbage who deserves death
hmm. i dont have a final project ready cause i spend all my time drinking or whatever art students do. maybe shove some spaghettios in my hole on tape? it will be a cool homage to heros such as marcel duchamp and dandy warhol
homer samson strangle bart funney.flv
hong xiuquan employs female soldiers in his cult army, he 'gets' it, so like, why doesnt he 'do the thing', why doesnt he become a girl
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_26qlrmrssxg/rs52pdi7doi/aaaaaaaaad0/ldxoywksbfy/s320/img_0015.jpg&&newline<--- baby bonclay used to crawl all over these pages. a nationalist baby&&newline<khawaga> you porbaby were wearing a diaper while doing so and maybe taking craps. you were an extremely lf baby if you ask me&&newline<bonclay> thanks. i guess i was pretty lf back then
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d6/jetmoto_gameplay.jpg thats the sweet stuff. as chaucer said, the 'swich licour'. and may i say that mountindew is the swichest of all licours, and has the caffeine and splurcose you need to keep jetting your hardest. catch you up in the flip side of things *tosses a moutanin dew of the camera* im
i also used to think that sailor moon had something to do with sailing.&&newline<bonclay> i mean, why would she be wearing that funny ass sailor outfit, like in looney tunes, if she werent nautically themed. nobody wears that for any other reason right.
i always remember food safety with a little couplet i was taught in grade school&&newline<bonclay> 'youve got to grease up all your fodder or youll make an orphan of your daughter'
i always see white men looking at racist fetishizing porn and im like.........you should do the thing
i am not in any way shape or form denouncing goku&&newline<&bonclay> lets make that clear right off the bat
i believe that everyone has a duty to work in a socialist society
i cant believe they said vivi has a weeny. vivi is a hero to baby trans girls and les enbies terribles everywhere
i come in like elijah before the priests of baal and make the soaking wood burn while they're still trying to get their god to provide a spark, where the soaking wood is aesthetics and the fire is like, inspiration to make things actually look good and functional, or something, work with me here
i dont think any price is too high to pay for freedom or the spanish equivalent of that, which i think is libertard
i dont think those people from wa are your slaves. even though you and people influenced by you from the korean peninsula are moving there in droves and becoming the ruling class. you should change the symbol for them from 'slave' to some thing nice, like 'peace' or 'harmony'. what, you did that already. oh... okay. do yall have bbq brush mops up here
i feel agender one day, and bigender the next&&newline<acoustickitty> i feel similarly
i forgot about one of the first things i ever did on the internet&&newline<bonclay> i was looking around on the internet, which i was still new to, and i found abc kids forums&&newline<bonclay> there was a religion subgroup and a board for wicca&&newline<bonclay> ten year old me went on there going around begging people not to turn her into a frog. this felt extremely cool and funny to me at the time, and was my first experience with the behavioral practice known as
i fought in a war... and i left my friends behind me... and it wasn't very long... before i found out that the sickness there ahead of me, went beyond the beds and infamy, of the decade gone before...&&newline<bonclay> -- someone with abled privilege who has no idea what its like to be tired and take frequent naps
i guess if a 'trollface' walked up and said 'u mad?' id have to lower my head in shame, sigh in resgination and admit 'i mad'
i had a friend in hs who was a smashing pumpkins fan but he had sinus issues&&newline<bonclay> so hed ask if i wanted to listen to the 'sbashing pubkins'
i just google image searched 'sad anime'&&newline<bonclay> i made the right decision
i like to steal the key from the dralor mansion and take all the crap from the redoran vault&&newline<bonclay> no wonder the redorans are in a losing position to the expanding telvanni and hlaalu. some raggedy prisoner can just waltz in and take their crap
i love alfs irreverent, dionysian whimsy
i love to smooch a lightnin bug on its big glowy butt
i mean, the world is about to end, but its feasible that your tiny little family unit could survive by cutting itself off from all society
i really fucking hate vice&&newline<bonclay> ill never forgive them for their north korea doc&&newline<acoustickitty> im sorry. its a serious issue socialists should confront&&newline<bonclay> your'e right
i spent a lot of time yesterday trying to make sure my farts were timed so as not to offended passing customers
i think im gonna like college. everyone is a bunch of diaper shitting retard degenerates like me
i used to make my parents so mad when i was little because i found out i could make spit bubbles&&newline<bonclay> they said that i should star in a tv show called the spit bubble kid
i want to kill myself with a japanese sword and find out after death that i did the ceremony wrong
i want to meet neil degrasse tyson and ask him about the decision to bring cosmos to a private network. then him going to tell him that his face is stupid and his ass stinks and hes wrong about 70% of everything&&newline<goldenliontamarin> im going to suck his dick because he does science&&newline<goldenliontamarin> i fucking love science...... btich
i was nutso about frogs in 3rd grade&&newline<bonclay> i would bring these little plastic rainforest frogs to school and some other kids started doing it too&&newline<bonclay> the teacher was not happy about us having toys in class
i write out a huge screed on my social networking account about how the new branch of central bbq is garbage compared to the original, also commentary on the great dry rub vs. mop-applied wet sauce flavoring debate ('rubs vs. scrubs')
if einstein was so smart how come he contributed to the death in radioactive flame of so many innocent people... >:)
im a big teapot, tall and thin&&newline<bonclay> watch me lead your children down the path of sin
im a captain of the deathfat street team.. after midnight we're going to tag the side of this gay ass 1800s building with some feedee graffiti. or graffatty.  you should totally come and bring your stencils and cans and wear your mesh body suit. afterwards were going to taco bell(r) for fourthmeal(c) and selfies
im a deaconstructionist, which means i help dan deacon build stage props and set pieces
im damaging this dudes body up with my fists. im basically just going rawdog on him, old style.
im genderclear
im going to convert handlebar to a brolita and get him to prioritize communism over nationalism and being a nice person over running roughshod on peoples feelings to feel like a badass
im going to open up a line of family style asian tex mex restaurants called 'the golden pavilion'
im going to stamp around barefoot in a wooden washtub full of kevins balls like i was a french winer making swill
im going to trust this cute snake, instead of that weird ethereal bearded and robed sky-giant who keeps yelling at me not to have sex >:) wow, pomegranates are fuckin decadent yall
im guilty of committing unforgivable sins with these dildos. but theyre the only thing ive got left of my old life. please dont take them from me repo man
im like an otter in the frigid oceans of the north atlantic and mcfarlanes corpse, like the world, is my oyster&&newline<bonclay> im cutely cracking him open on my belly and slurping up guts while doing the most adorable tricks
im partial to murdering devil men and doing funny things with their corpses as well
im playing tf1488 on a wpww server
im starting a confederate qslurs facebook group&&newline<bonclay> 'heritage not het' is our motto
im watching borat with a piece of grass that i gave a name and identity to
is good art always a tool for good? of course not, but who doesnt love good art
is there anything better when you forget you have a half typed message and you just copy paste and go anyway
it would be hard for me to forget a thing like 'pocstuck'
its extremely illegal for me to be on irc at work. yet here i am
its too late... he cant be revived, even by my macabre arts... macklemortis has set in
ive been thinking lately... psy wrote a song called gangman style. was psy in an actual men's gang?
jigrodgjrpoigjrdiogjpsrogjroigjrdpoighsriogvjrsdoipgvdrjigophufisehfuifoihvshpsghprodfjisdgpjdijvjdfvfijfcfkfmcx,nmc,xnmkjfjfkemndijrjgisrkghsjsgdrgdsr&&newline<bonclay> sorry. that wsas not me, it was the deed of my pet snake, eunice.&&newline<kongming> eunice has a way with words&&newline<bonclay> she is smart as a whip, and similarly shaped
jiub bush
john luke sets out to prove that hes a true newtype by murdering all the space beavers in his fan powered mobilesuit
kemper boy off in this hoe. watch me rub my scalp and whisper 'no'
kevin takes ecstasy in his bedroom alone and listens to infected mushroom while looking at the windows media player visualizer
kill the borat inside your head
kurdy ethno state star
look at my horrible misbegotten ass
love me some twin peaks&&newline<samog> what does brattybc think, though&&newline<brattybc> *in a bizarre puppet falsetto* twin peaks is a pile of hot garmonbozia! david lynch is a great guy though! love to have a beer with him sometime!
love to do the gardnerian thing and make an athame fuck a chalice while yelling 'stay straight! you know, boy for girl, girl for boy? everything else is vice, as said by dr. kinsey.'
love to drink pepsi i found in the sewer, which is where poop and vermin mingle
love to get a raunchy gobload full of greasy bloated pig fat. i am a straight american male and i have a typically american disregard for portion control. whenever i eat the woven lattice of charred swine i love to say 'america!!' like in the team america: world police voice and look around the room for peoples responses. even one response would be good but ive never gotten a single
luann is waving the puppets around but she's saying something about how communism is about gay dragon moon anime sex hank says his famous line
m me obsessively reading my prima strategy guide as a kid, particularly the 'weird wild stuff' section. but of course this does not contradict you, it is merely a quirk of programming.
melanie when someone gets it right commenting on tumblrtxt http://i.imgur.com/xeodf68.jpg
morrowind era oblivion would have been hieronymous bosch&&newline<bonclay> instead they went for chick tract
my family had me involuntarily committed to habbo hotel
my first screen name on aol was sailorjupiter300
my grandfather fought at the battle of okinawa and was a real fucked up dude because of it&&newline<bonclay> im bobby hill irl&&newline<bonclay> *hikes up pants to chest level and walks around gesturing in exasperatedly* vhat are you taaalking about. vhat are you talking about.
oh, and hey, check this out. *turns the sculpture toward you. the bust is a big bug-eyed mark driscoll head. the alabaster monstrosity speaks* reddit, please help me, my wife cut her hair and i'm just not attracted to her anymore. i'm thinking of yelling at her before dinner tonight and making her cry. any tips?
ok but what if there was an incrementalist borat&&newline<samog> carefully lower the jew into the well with a pulley and harness
one of my old friends told me recently that the last straw for her deciding not to be my friend anymore was that i called a bad movie we and friends were watching together, 'retarded'
one time in 9th grade health class we had a bit on depression and the teacher asked us what we should do if a girl we knew had it and i thought of the phrase 'you should give her a balloon to make her feel better' and the idea was so hilariously naive and unselfaware to me that i busted out laughing uncontrollably and had to be sent out to the hallway
our 'beef' is that people will randomly link me to shit maggotmaster still posts about me sometimes, like how i 'hired 4chan hackers to find out where he lives' lol. he is insane &&newline<bonclay> --dinosuar jekr
paganism was not really an organized religious entity so much as the early christian epithet used for diverse and sundry peoples who liked to listen to the song 'pagan baby' a lot
part of me gets the separatist impulse...
paul wolfowitz stands on a baghdad balcony as fiery hell rains down upon the ancient city. 'whip them! whip them bad' he intones.
ray wise and the sit on you guy do an especially intimate business hug and are shocked to find themselves bonded together as a single entity named 'leland palmer scott'!
realsubtle was seen reblogging from real life fascist 'bushwasright', who literally believes that bush was right
remember what socucius ergalla told you, samog&&newline<bonclay> 'the choice...&&newline<bonclay> ...is yours...'
roses are red&&newline<bonclay> violets are blue&&newline<bonclay> that is my purse&&newline<bonclay> i do not know you
sailor moon is the story of a young phoenician girl who rules the tides through her unique lunar star-charting techniques and expertly crafted and maintained sailing ship. her salty crew of sea sojourners is known as the sailor senshi, and the lazy, easily depressed sailor moon will need all their help in order to navigate the treacherous waters of the mediterranean sea.
samog nuclesr&&newline<&bonclay> samog nuclear&&newline<&y> im imagining a dubstep beat with samog nuclear repeating as a sample in the background now
some kid with a juwanna mann vhs thats worn and scratched from so many plays and can quote every scene, but nobody ever gets it
somebody tell john brown that he needs to be quiet, stay in his lane, and listen to the lived experiences of pocs while doing work in his own community
someone should make riley a shammy jumpsuit and have her crawl around on the hood and buff it till it shines like christmas
stalin engineered the famine. he ate all the crops. they were the side dish to all the children&&newline<bonclay> mao raised his wizened hands and said 'rain of dust, wither this land and starve my people! i'm a stereotypically stupid failtard!'
steampunk boat&&newline<bonclay> steampunk beret&&newline<bonclay> steampunk boot&&newline<bonclay> steampunk tarot&&newline<bonclay> no, google search, i meant exactly what i typed, 'steampunk borat'
t people when my friend was trying to buy pokemon cards or w/e&&newline<bonclay> love to have a retard come in and yell at people who are trying to buy from my store and tolerate it for way too long
talkin bout dang ole future vision you know up and dang panoply of chains of circumstances consequences and outcomes
teh fail bard cometh...... *exact noises of tom doing the game of thrones doo doodle oo music are heard*
thats one useful thing about the butthole, is you always have a place to store stray boogers instead of wiping them on furniture and clothes
thats why i started.loving frogs actually. in elementary school. we went to the aquarium. the baltimore aquarium is physically ugly but quite well stocked and maintained. there were frog exhibits and the dart frogs were as cute as you can imagine
the bad things about japan? to me, a japan lover ('otaku' in the japanese tongue), they are actually good things
the beluga whale who is making the conscious decision to make themselves a trans person&&newline<odd> *hooooonk* -a beluga whale, condemning cis scum
the best song in steven universe is called 'pearl's back'. its performed by steven in episode sixteen. this is how it goes: *banging loudly on pot lid* pearl's back pearl's back pearl's back pearl's back. pearl's back
the deadbeat father. the failson. the retarded spirit
the ending of fahrenheit 451 except instead of a single book chapter everyone has their own repertoire of preserved dril tweets
the lgbt community... larry the cable guy, gilbert gottfried, borat, and tim allen community
the only reboot of planet of the apes should star soulja boy and be called planet of the bapes
the test says that i am more ilana, that i am sex positive and have tons of entrepreneurial ideas&&newline<bonclay> thanks, fuzz bead
they should make an emotion avatar called hate that teaches you how to feel about pixar films
this is my pet giant bird dwayne 'the roc' johnson
trans men are [insulting references designed to trigger dysphoria] [expletive] oppressors who [another insulting reference to personal and vulnerable aspects of transition? are you kidding me?] their [expletive] [expletive] [misogynist slur]
true scum&&newline<bonclay> an hbo original series about vampires who are very serious about establishing proper standards of diagnosis and treatment for their condition
urusei yatsura is about a manipulative, villainous sociopath and his irrepressible attempts to manipulate and fuck over the people around him for no reason
vivian steps into the synch. all the doors lock behind her. the room darkens. upon the walls a queue begins to appear. chappie. mortdecai. paul blart mall cop. you dont mess with the zohan. she recoils in terror. melanie's voice booms from every which way: vivian. welcome to hell synch.
vivian: if this gets 500,000 notes my mom will finally call me jabez
wanna know something weird? neither myself nor bethany consentino is actually all that bratty
warner brother? i barely even know, her brother,&&newline<grifty_> if you see the cops... paramount pictures
wearing diapers is a spiritual thing
what if there was a xiongnu borat. what if there was a nestorian borat. what if there was a saracen borat. what if there was a scythian borat. what if there was a carthaginian borat.
what the hell. i did all these drugs. why am i not enlightened yet
what? *almost falls over backwards and has to prop self up on a nearby table* racism... in the north?!
whats wpww&&newline<jsoh> sounds p white
when i create my ideal political system i want it to be like king koopa, with a lot of humorous bumbling and skies suddenly turning dark and armies of samey looking lackeys
when i hear the word culture i reach for my jam *pulls out a jar of jam and spreads it lovingly over some hot fresh bread. dee-lish!*
when i used to play tony hawk pro skater i felt like i was becoming a really good skater
when i was little i had a friend named joaquin and i thought his name was spelled 'wockine' for the longest time
when i was young i had an idea for a game called international george fighters. you would get to play as all the georges from around the world. george. georg. jorge. giorgio. all the greats.
when i was young i thought 'nineties' was pronounced  'ninnatees' and i had no idea what it meant
when luigi is wearing the mustaches, male pronouns. when hes wearing peaches dress in that one super mario anime comic from the early 90s that was in nintendo power and also published as its own comic, they pronouns
wish i still had that piece of grass but i ate it&&newline<bonclay> like cronus, i ate the very thing that i created and named. shame on me
with mcdonalds healthy new options including 'dip the fruit in the sugar goop' and 'the smaller portion special' youll probably be nephilim sized by mid 2017
wow... plenty of likes but not enough shares. this signal was not boosted enough and the child will perish
you can tell a lot by a womans hands, for instance, she has hooves? horse.
youtube is aggressively pushing a phineas and ferb full episode at me. the thumbnail features either phineas or ferb, whichever is the redhead, making out with some lady.&&newline<bonclay> it really wants to recommend this phineas and ferb episode to me. but i just dont think im that interested.
i cant see anything everyone is saying due to my severe screen damage that i caused&&newline<grifty> (clicks on the squintbart image) wow, oh wow
veray naise
doctor who? more like doctor who the hell cares! tell your friends about my jokes
i listen to all my music on monster cables. weld those suckers to my wireless beats and just go for it
im not good at it but i love to cut loose and have fun
bread as a euphemism for money.
bread as a euphemism for money.&&newline<breadbot> is this a euphemism for money.
bread bread toast
kill samog
mencius moldbug is human slime but i'm afraid i agree.
.tell hamled communicating through skybot since i'm banned
is it true that abdel-majed abdel bary was an #lf regular
wow.&&newline<btina> just wow.
ok i'm done
i had all my newgrounds posts deleted because i got into an argument with wade fulp and called his wife a fat sow to his face and i'd do it again.
wait&&newline<cabbagepots> achewood is pro-sorejaw?&&newline<cabbagepots> well sucker punch
i had the game gear tv
the marine was supposed to come over and fuck but i just started my period
.
@tumblrtxt: anyone we can identify with male power as it now exists is gonna get his dick cut off. his literal dick lopped right off
@tumblrtxt: i've sucked like five women's dicks so far this year. it's really fun and i look great doing it
@tumblrtxt: you got me so excited to suck your dick. lmk when u are in pdx and down 2 meet. its ok if its small / dirty / doesn't work. i will suck it b/c u make me hott
has your lesbian sex life become boring, dull, and oily? do your special times with that special gay lady just not feel gay enough? well, the best new way to bring some thrill into the bedroom is by incorporating moon dust and/or rocks! the very act of touching the moon, or viewing moon-related paraphernalia is gay, as everyone knows. so when things are feeling greasy and ungay in bed, try bringing in the moon dust!
mostly i decided that because i was nervous and scared and a little disgusted by them, but i also wanted to make them think i was dominant and frightening like a man.
she had a cheap looking, white spaghetti strap shirt on and it hugged her tiny lumps tight enough so that you could see she wasnt wearing a bra
a lot of posts going around today earnestly urging people not to subject themselves to hormones and surgery, as if you can just fucking pick them up at the 7-11. the only purpose these posts serve is for cis people to insinuate to one another that gender variance is dangerous and corrupt and should be suppressed, and the idea that its something that can be lived in is somehow illusory
an ex-mutual of a mutual said political transness was just that, putting dudes in different packaging as radical praxis, and if you felt you were trans 4 political reasons you were a dude in different packaging &&newline<catman> it
anything you do can be genders and for me the most important genders are things i have wanted to do but pushed myself away from because they placed me in the wrong company
being born what i was, the way i am, means that i exist to be used, somehow or other. that every relationship i have with anyone is at heart a relationship in which i seek to be used in a way amenable to me. i was torn apart so heavily by wolves in sheeps clothing that the more convincing a sheep someone was the more i was terrified of them for the possibility they would turn out to be a wolf after all.
biological sex is a fake idea u cowards. see u in bone hell
bro, you got me so horny i can absolutely fuck your ass now bby
conscious experimentation with gender in society is extremely important and i encourage people to transition but i dont do that just because i think people should leave their birth assignment. i want a society where we are allowed to wander around sex and gender aimlessly for any reason or none at all
err on the side of assuming the possibility of girl reasons for behaviors you see, and encourage people to be comfortable with those girl reasons, and you will be amazed how much better you get along with girls, people who are seen as girls, and people who might be girls some fine day
fun fact: i started being trans for political reasons
gonna have to bite the bullet and get/make a this is what a lesbian looks like shirt for days when i cant/wont shave
hey tumblr dot txt author 'goldenliontamarind'
https://archive.is/rmuah
https://archive.is/u2zp4
i also reject, incidentally, the idea that what you identify as or present as has to be consistent to have meaning. experimenting with doing trans in different ways doesnt delegitimate any of them.
i always sort of thought being a lady would be cool so i decided to and it turns out it is. i have a lot of regrets about a lot of things but ive not regretted that for a second
i believe in being a gay mom and you should be a gay mom when you can help it
i dont think most people are heterosexual tbh
i had never experienced a day of body dysphoria in my life before i decided to be trans. i am a beautiful and powerful lady who loves and is loved by a lotta trans ladies, both ladies who chose to be trans and ladies who didnt. i am the future
i havent actually done any big lifts as a lady and tbh i think right now im producing a vibe close to max sketch or else i honestly would
i subscribe 2 a few trans queer nsfw tumblrs and its always a breath of fresh air 2 see people who arent men on them tbh
i think 4 me the idea is that cisness privileges white men and only offers conditional stability to everyone else. for many people barely even that. i think identifying with it & supporting it is a mistake for most people
i think all of the ladies whose voices im acutely jealous of actually have way deeper fundamental frequencies than me which is another point in favor of eventually getting on t for full-spectrum gender shenanigans
i think one of the things ive done thats made me feel the most powerful is censoring my genitals on a webcam picture with the marx/engels/lenin/stalin/mao lineup
i was lucky that they browbeat me into orchestra and paid for rental instruments and tuxedoes even though i was so freakishly large and fat that i required special ones.
if you are afab and have sad feels b/c your body is not like what you have been told a girls is supposed to be and you wish it was and you dont want to be cis because of that thats good and cool and true
if you think gender abolitionism lets you get away with sex essentialism get the fuck away from me and think real hard about what you did
ive decided im going to go unshaven for a month in november and maybe thats tied into that honestly. maybe im a little sick of feeling like if i dont put in work to show that i respect body norms for trans women, i dont belong in any community anywhere
my divorce recently went through and ive sort of had feels about that for a while. i didnt get to be a bride. i never really exactly got to be a wife either. just spouse was an improvement over husband but still not exactly what i was happy with. idk
my whole life is a skinner box im sealed in until i die.
no one who has gotten a good look at my face or body or really who has heard my voice would ever think i was afab, even if i was really careful to try and forget every part of my history that was amab specific, even if i tried to forget my ween existed. im very okay with that honestly. i like being what i am
political trans lesbianism means whenever a boy wants anything to do with me my internal reaction is if you want a girls attention so much why are you a boy
this means that at a 44c i can get some sports bras at walmart ($10 for a 3-pack) or some random ass bogo tshirt bras at torrid or cacique ($40-50 for 2) but sure as shit not at chrysalis, the website for real trans womens real clothes.
why is it that sucking on a titty is good and getting your titty sucked is good but sucking your own titty is mediocre at best
you might have noticed that acceptability doesnt cover up the weird exhilaration of shame-arousal that comes with every time you do it, and doesnt make you feel normal or part of things or included.
you should know i was where you are and im happier with my life now than ive ever been. manhood will only ever be ashes in your mouth, and one of these days youre going to figure out you can just stop pretending to like how ash tastes
you should know your gross sexual obsession with trans women (which youve let slip again and again in literally every project or persona you do) is a way of sublimating anxieties about your own gender and sex into something acceptable to cis dudes.
flame112 i heard something pretty messed up about you&&newline<flame112> is this the part where you make up a bad joke
now, those who have played nethack know of the foocubus, how it is useful for randomly increasing a high-intelligence character's attributes through fornication. i started to identify with that role, imagine myself as an archaeologist (given my strong background in classical studies) being stripped naked and fornicating with a foocubus in the dank corridors of the dungeons of doom. i
bitchhorn
hahaha. i just read gay porn.
its funny how bonkers some people can be
some of the pro-palestine people can be really dumb&&newline<cevin> like this one girl i know, who's usually smart, called the israelis a bunch of nazis&&newline<cevin> because they used white phosphorous or something
(extremely bajorans voice) dabo!!!!
*pulls a big ol throbbin boner out of his mouth with an audible 'pop'* yo is someone talkin bout suckin a dick
<qman> ive never read anything worse than this please do not speak again, i dont wanna bother with some assholes community infighting sideblog that exists solely 2 fuck with trans people
a little bit of siegfried in my life, a little bit of brunhilde by my side, a little bit of gunther is all i need, a little bit of hagen is what i see - richard wagner, gotterdammerung no. 5
i forgot that sugar free candy can give you the shits if you eat too many of them, problem solved and candy thrown out
i used to be a xbox-playing dudebro but now i am soft and cute and love frills on my petticoats uwu
this is the foodfight patriot with my latest meal. one bowl of dex dogtective cereal with two scoops of sunshine goodness raisins and a dollop of cheezel t. weasel processed cheese spread. price before braaaaaaaaand x: the deaths of thousands of ikes
a hipster's small ass laconically flopping back and forth
and any time you fear the west, hey slavs, refrain / don't carry nato upon your shoulders / for well you know that it's bougie to play it cool / by making this war a little colder
hey slavs / don't be afraid / you were made to live under tito / the minute you let him into belgrade / then you begin to make it better
i'm a welch's nationalist *blows up the running-dog factories of the illegitimate smuckers imperialists*
kevin meditates on the fundamental contradiction of cool ranch free will with original nacho predestination
mahler no. 5
proto-left and pseudo-black: the octothorpe ell eff story
someone outside has a really shitty car that's making lots of bad noises&&newline<fermata> thats my ass
i am chappie.
capitalism will never die
nobody ever grows up they just pretend
i'm going to fuck sheldon
charles_manson_in_the_rye left the room (quit: quit: did you mean: ebola virus in the rye? lol)
yase. i *heart* buttcoin. how did you know!???!
fucking goons ruin everything. all the epic lulz memes are gone because of the goons. fail.
someone called me and i didnt recognize their number but i called them back and they said jim is at school motherfucker&&newline<cumsitter> :(
i just got a 4 day old show tell from you fermata&&newline<cumstained_jorts> i'm guessing it's a poop filled diaper&&newline<cumstained_jorts> yup&&newline<cumstained_jorts> a poop filled diaper
please write 'orbs' on my tombstone
your pussy is stupid. can i fuck it? i don't care. can i?
but in the final analysis, a gundam is a anime
i miss his blogspot that was dedicated to dr who companions from the 70s&&newline<dick_liebowitz> he wrote a long love letter about sarah jane smith and then the actress that played her died a month later so he wrote another one&&newline<dick_liebowitz> that will alwaays be peak kevin for me
*makes jokes about oviposition to mask a deep-seated, genuine, fully absurd but legitimate dysphoria over lack of an ovipositor irl*
i heard goldenliontamarin/lowenschaffen is the one behind tumblr dot text and while i don't know if that's true: fucking lmao if it is
its 2015, get a fucking fursona already
u know what owns: how many of my posts have ended up on @tumblrtxt because its owner is a coward and a terrible poster and senses my power
who the fuck would say youre being too hard on them? tumblr.txt is fucking vile and honestly i want whoevers currently running it to get fire ants invading their room and getting all over their things every day of their life until they repent
worst little weaselly fyad sycophant with no spark of vigor or creativity in his tepid transphobic bones
<guest61002> theres no way it is not a ref to friedman or some similar dipshit&&newline<ego> don't sign your posts
ehrlichman: fursuits.&&newline<ego> nixon: jesus christ.
for $600 fewer than an iphone x, you can buy over 20 pounds of pussy and ass that does not track you for advertising purposes.
leon leon, yes papa, revolting permanently, no papa, open your books, ha ha ha
let me tell you this with certainty: goofus fucks.
my right wing pandering obama documentary after he's finished in office will be called dirty barry.
the necessity of an artificial power source is a myth. an ecosystem powers itself.
i got called a faggot multiple times for not sitting down with everyone else at summer camp and watching rocket power
i imagine samog likes to keep his head shaved and wears glasses and plays dota all the time with his extensive bookshelf and umberto eco books in the background
i search for 'dr. who, gay' on tumblr
i think being a trot is way more out-there than believing in magick
in ted 4 mark wahlberg drives down a country road and sees a tree with a bunch of stuffed teddybears hanging from nooses. he bursts into tears and screams looking around for ted
recieving that [reddit] trophy in the mail is like recieving notification in the mail that you're a registered sex offender
there was a kid in class who was big and liked sports and runescape and he was bragging about his full rune armor. he was a free to play, i was a member.  moms credit card b*tch. anyways i got on my character and maged him and took all his rune armor and he was literally crying in class
zoolander was funny&&newline<emer> wait was it&&newline<emer> i dont remember
<evin> like how supergirl exists, as a separate universe, in the same span of existence that flash exists in
actually, i have, i have like a bunch of condoms, that expire like 2010, which i've been saving for uh, for uh my first time, or uh, you know, the ones after, the ones after that. ehey, you know, as long as uh, anyway, you know, i like uh, be safe or sorry.
cookie cat  - he left his family behind
i can only achieve orgasm defecating in a diaper.
you know another thing i should mention that like you know another reason why masturbation is all right is because you're not risking anybody else or getting a sexual disease. and just to let you know, if you are a virgin before you've started, and you haven't done anything with anyone else, you're still classified as a virgin.
hypoglycemia increases your health i'm concerned'. fuckkk
im dumb and shitty and stupid and add bad quotes and i smell and have no friends
on facebook im really funny
time to go!!! *opens escape hatch, drops in, mashes eject button* evin (~kvirc@hello.my.name.is.kevin) has quit
vinyl is so fucking funny&&newline<evin> so unintentionally
'ah yes i'm here to pick up some packages. they're under the names 'lev bronstein' and 'sam horney'.' --khawaga irl, tomorrow or os&&newline<khawaga> thats going to be my life, probably, in about 15-16 hours
'forever alone.' --my sister, to me, when we ate at a waffle house in 2010
*in i walked on the sidewalk voice* i walked on the trodden bricks, but it belonged to the griffin
*in kevin voice* let,s agree to disagree
*peter on the way back from lindso sees a semi trailer on the side of a road open and full of tussin packages mint in box* god is real.
*zooms in on bismarck north dakota* my little smoogie&&newline<handlebar> *zooms in on north dakota* skeletons
.g the population was 1,488 at the 2010 census.&&newline<skybot>fermata: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cleveland,_marathon_county,_wisconsin
.tag fermta&&newline<fermata> .tag fermtaa
.tell samog watch foodfight then mishima with us&&newline<chairman> dex dogtective attempts to capture the brand x headquarters, fails, and disembowels himself
.y 'felix' and 'horney' and 'safeway' and 'shopping the safe way'
17:42&&newline<-- fermata (artie@bangkok.sod.center) has quit (user has been banned from synirc (spambot))
<&maarak> dark goofy &&newline<~fermata> garsh. *goofy walking in the rain covered in his wife's blood*
<&bonclay> bitcoins are a funny story&&newline<~fermata> i got a funny story for you, pal *slowly lifts up a hardcover copy of yakov smiroff's greatest jokes + autobiography*
<@fermata>&&newline<turdwarlock> its the remix to ignition / nesquik intern edition / kendrick lamar in itunes / and lean cuisines in my kitchen
<fermata> i wish  i was a baller / i wish i was taller / if i had a girl i would call her mommy / a heard pee pee and 6 foot four
<afatwhiteloaf> http://24.media.tumblr.com/b1762614a7d63ed4bc37b5abe3f4a666/tumblr_mkcd8jrcb01s4opoio1_500.jpg&&newline<~fermata> thats me and a robot of some sort ~fermata> i'm lum invader. maybe you've heard of me
<khawaga> if im not invited to alex's irl wedding ill be so pissed off&&newline<fermata> i prepared my own vows. ahm. i want to diarrhea fart into your butthole.
<~fermata> pal, chuck e cheese is a place for kids and adults to have fun, eat pizza pie, and play various acrade games
<~pepito> more like... monetizeyourbellingcat.&&newline<~fermata> how do you decide to be transgendered? realize being trans is a feel and anyone can know it *screen centers on the gay moon zine*
douglas adams presents the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy book #2: the space aliens grill & bar at the end of the universe
gˆbekli tepe, first seoul, birthplace of the korean people
having succumbed to vampirism while hunting dracula, nightmare zorba's unnatural speed and strength make him one of the most formidable and terrifying syrtaki dancers in the multiverse.&&newline<samog> 'the best part was... the monks!' - zorba the vampire greek, talking to his good friend vampire basil about their recent raid on a tiny greek fishing village
hey they i'm nancy from the iso fraction and i'm just saying that you're losing sight of the forest for the trees when you mention  the heart of lorkhan
i'm not saying that every white person must transistion to being black but that it worked for me and that we need move away from cisness and whiteness and towards blackness and transness
if pierogis didn't exist then man would have to create them. papa pepito
in my paul blart au paulette blart is a baby trans girl (nondysphoric nontransistion tryke with fae and cer pronouns) who enlists a team to stop #gamergate and #notyourshield
in the country of the south, past the great deserts, abysinnia, and the kingdom of pestor john lies a land called beandogia for its residents suffer a most unique afflection rendering them a combanation of bean (mame) and dog (inu)
mexican immigration was a thing that happened and also happens today. some people say it is good, some people say it is bad. they used to be sprayed with the pesitcide dmt. there was a lot of cancer and this made them unhappy. in summation, mexican immigration is a land of contrasts.
nancy the imperial of the iso fraction proclaims that trotsky knew the true meaning of [chim]
nancy the imperial purchases a set of bright bubblegum pink slave bracers and proclaims how absolutly empowering the drain magicka enchantment is
reverse racist teens trying to play the knockout game? two hits with the pulse rifle, take em out. i'd...i'd rather have the shotgun though. give me a shotgun and i can take on all afro-american youths singlehandly.
straight house, no water damage. i want to put termites into my foundation.
this is mrs. original gangsta. my husband samuel (samog) wasn't an 07 but he loved this internet forum and the various irc channels based off of it. samuel died peacefully in his sleep. his employees (he runs the north dakota chain resturant space aliens) started collecting money for a bench in the capitol building to be named after him.&&newline<acoustickitty> worth every penny
tis i madam / not a knave or resident of a pram / but humble gaygay from the dam
welcome to my home management mecca. i am obsessed with meal planning, budgeting, avery file tabs, labels, and organizing pretty much anything. i abhor clutter, being late, and mean people.
[18:33]&&newline<~fermata> fishing... with hank [18:34]&&newline<~fermata> *baits with rock of crack cocaine*
[21:47:18]&&newline<~fermata>&&newline<fermata> jahar jahar yes papa. making the bomb no papa. telling lies no papa. open your backpack ha ha ha
[21:56:31]&&newline<@fermata> after wilma i went to get aid in a t-shirt that said 'world's greatest grandpa'
[real quote] [21:32:25]&&newline<groaty> 'i love to wear a diaper and crap myself' -fermata
a person got a real tattoo of the words 'die cis scum' and whatever a queer deathly hallows is&&newline<chairman> http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/sign_of_the_deathly_hallows&&newline<chairman> it's 'queer' because it's upside down
an israeli settlement is puzzled when a shit filled diaper lands near their field with the words 'diaper monday hnasty' written on it
developing a proper sense of aesthetics, defending beautiful buildings, and understanding ugly ones are all things extremely important to me.
diap man afraid to leave his diap
dxm: the cough syrup molecule
english setters: myth of the white pomeranian
how about that meme with the homestuck. how about the job hussie is doing. ehhhhh? ehhhhhhhh?
i don't consume ketchup
i had a newspaper for 7th grade journalism class,&&newline<fermata> it was called 'the clown times' and exclusively used the jokeman font&&newline<fermata> i was really bad at spelling and acidently used autocorrect to say that a person i interviewed like penises instead of penguins&&newline<fermata> i got a note saying 'meet me after class' from the teacher but i never did
i link my mom pug videos often enough that she can tell if she has seen one before or not
i was into linux in 9th grade so i know a little bit about it
i'm shaved, i'm ready for hard physical labor preparing a homestead for living again
i'm so into mormon culture even though i'm a gentile lmao
i've watched tim and eric with my mom&&newline<fermata> she did not get it&&newline<fermata> she also asked me about  a dozen times if watching t&e was the thing that made me 'so weird'&&newline<fermata> although she loved the poop tube
if you like this tuckus song you're racist but if you like this other one then you're inherently revolutionary
im doing a vinyl joke&&newline<fermata> the joke is that vinyl actually said that
im listening to a dubstep remix of the nutcracker suite and its probably the single worst song i have ever heard in my whole entire life
im making a d&d dice bag out of irc user kemperboyd's ballsack
in hs biology i talked about the sims 2 computer game and titled an essay on potatoes 'potatoes: lust for glory'&&newline<fermata> that's it. that's all i did in hs bio&&newline<inkwell> my hs bio teacher had us make winogradsky columns and then forgot about it so i found it three years later and it was purple&&newline<handlebar> in middle school someone did a re-enactment of pickett's charge using starcraft
journey to the center of the he/him comfort zone ft. maggotman, kottonmouth kings, catman, jobhaver, haystack, and many more
lmao why is your dad so old
me likey the yaoi mpreg
my 15 year old son walked in and saw me using the klobb
my mom is talking about doing a harlem shake with my whole family and i really dont know what to tell her
my oc for da right bloc aka da rite as fuck bloc is the mixed race son of ikarti. he sits on papa's knee and learns about kevin the pseudo-black as vinyl heats up a family sized lean cusine
peter's funneral is just people pouring out cough syrup bottles, eating pierogis, quoting almost live, and chanting 'damn son where'd you find this'
real comedy frontiers here&&newline<fermata> the only kitanokunikara/longmont potion castle jokes
reminder that samog created the emoticon for well loved byob meme 'ball of weed the size of the sun into the sun'
taoist scholars worked for centuries in the lonesome mountains of old china to find the two forces that control life and also death. they are, the weed number (420), and the sex number (69).
thatcher died on my birthday&&newline<fermata> wootles softly
the end of adam's life will be like the end of terminator 2, although with the poop tank instead of a steel mill
the headmate also has seperate pokemon save files
the last time i ever talked to my dad i told him he would like gbs on the something awful dot com forums
the saddest part of the dastote saga was after vinyl's 'diapbloc' purge. i had finally gotten dastote to go to #rightbloc and he saw the topic, which mentioned discussion of diapers was bannned, and left saying what instantly became a memoriable phrase: 'no diapers no dastote'
the snowden leaks made the baby genius project public knowledge
tons of otherkin call themselves god&&newline<fermata> i did
well, you know what they say. if you're not a buzzfeed reader by 25 you got no brain but if you aren't a ebaumsworld reader before it then you got no heart
woah the extreme couponing show is on netflix&&newline<fermata> wootles softly&&newline<khawaga> *wooooootle*&&newline<handlebar> softer&&newline<handlebar> *wootles in size 6 font*
'johnny depp... it's going to be a good movie.'
for a while i managed to scage accounts off people who were totally quitting sa forever and then i'd usually try to keep up a simulacra of their posting style while doing so.
civilization, therefore, depends upon ensuring that top men do not monopolize female erotic capital. the problem of older male virginity is one of the consequences of the increasing hoarding of female erotic capital by top men. we must either bring back strict monogamous norms or legalize and normalize prostitution.
leaving because everyone here seems to hate civ v and are shitting all over my happiness.
edit: only thing i remember from #lf irc drama was the time i told bible basher kevin who would swamp direct message me with christian bullshit and i posted http://i.imgur.com/sawx8kc.jpg which triggered all you thin skinned cunts where you were 'literally shaking' 'go step on legos :qq:' do i trigger you, are you shaking
what 'shit' did i 'make up' you colossal faggot, go back to lf *waits 1 week for you to reply with with no examples*
2016 is the year move away from the pluto nash  timeline and into the home alone two timeline
http://pastebin.com/eusvq2tf
i dont like being banned from #lf for correctly gendering a trans person and would appreciate it if the ops would not do that in the future ok? ok
|&&newline<chairman> gazpacho was posting in the gbs thread about dashcon being like 'uhhhh these aren't the real people from tumblr they're all too busy surviving toxic oppression guys'
the thing about chaos, is its fair *flips a shekel'
*rubs rogaine hair health product all over ur shiny scalp in an affectionate way* hiya champ!! hows it hangin??
.q add odd haha, general tso's chicken and vegetable lo mein at the chinese food place costs&&newline<~pepito> a good combo at the reich price, i like
kevin post selfies with half-baked politics to fight christ shaming
do we definitely kniw that caro is dead&&newline<odd> brown moses looked it up on wikipedia and said yes
http://www.tedcruz.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/cruz-headshot.jpg lol look at that, always
http://www.tedcruz.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/cruz-headshot.jpg lol look how close u can get to senator ted cruz's face
i had a bar mitzvah, i made out with someone who i thought was my cousin but she ended up not being related except by one of those friends of my father who i always called 'uncle jody'
i have superb urinary tract health
i want to live alone so i can hoard piss cans
i woke up before my alarm because in my dream i ordered kebab and thanked the delivery man with 'doner nobis pacem' and i bolted upright in bed cackling
im a pomo materialist heideggerian furry w/ luxembourgist tendencies
im crying, because of the west wing
im going to submerge odds face in a pool of urine&&newline<gizmo> im going to collect urine for a year&&newline<gizmo> and fill odds car with it&&newline<odd> you're as strong as a tiny baby, gizmo. what can you do, you got your shirt ripped off by a toilet&&newline<gizmo> im extremely strong, and powerful.&&newline<gizmo> u are weakened by months underwater in a gay pressurized tube
im laughing so hard at the idea that i just forgot one can of piss, and its just sitting in the room i rented &&newline<gizmo> like theres one can, and its still full of piss and its reeking up the place&&newline<gizmo> and nobody knows where the smell is coming from. but its just muy piss and its two years old
im writing a bad paper now too its called 'heat-death/noise-death: speed and cybernetic insurrection in a networked world'
lol i handed my laptop to a professor to read something and it logged into irc this morning &&newline<gizmo> and i had this big bubble on the right hand side re: my vhost and it was like your vhost is now gay.spinozan &&newline<gizmo> and he gave me this sad look and handed my laptop back
my dad is listening to rush so loudly
my dad is wearing slacks and a blue sweater. he is also wearing clogs and big horn rimmed glasses.
my daughter, she have a acquired immune deficiency syndrome. not very nice
no my dad is 72 he only wears slacks
opening kevins chastity belt requires that two keys be inserted and turned simultaneously. one is held by his mother, the other by mark driscoll. redundant systems are key
when we got sprayed with oc at work back in the day this one guy had uncontrollable diarrhea &&newline<gizmo> like he was sprayed and then he pooped
yeah!!&&newline<gizmo> cmon fuck a guy!!&&newline<gizmo> ahhhhhh!!! come on fuck a guy!!!
when i pee&&newline<gnol> i swirly my tushy around&&newline<gnol> so that the citrificul force&&newline<gnol> of the swirly pee inside me&&newline<gnol> makes the pee come out faster
decolonizing decolonization: queering the hegemony of subaltern bodies and spaces
*black bloc anarchists run into china garden express and start grabbing peoples plates of food and snapping them over their knees spraying bits of chicken everywhere before the chinese restaurant owner jumps up and starts yelling that theyre approprating his culture by looking like ninjas and they all suddenly stop and start apologizing profusely and file out the door*
2 cups miracle whip. 1 tsp red food coloring. stir well and serve
<turdwarlock> i m going to slam my beaver mallet into some slungey beach babe clam and then go to heck&&newline<groaty> hell yeah bro. you cleave some pungent beach beave with that slammer hammer&&newline<turdwarlock> i love to drill my jackhammer into a bikini babes meat wallet&&newline<&chairman> chung my shopple into a whole slompy grump of ladies' quinceaneras
<skybot> turdwarlock: asher roth - i love college cover - length 3m 8s - rated 4.56/5.0 (27) - 502 views - spbmusiic on 2013.04.11&&newline<turdwarlock> oh my god the chords are all wrong&&newline<homero> oh. my. god.
adolf hitler is a fat, gay, retarded piece ofs hit who has aids and loves to drink piss. his ballsack is above his dick instead of below it. he was born with his dick connected to his asshole so he can only piss into his own asshole and the piss gets absorbed back into his body through his colon. hes working on an animated webseries [indiegogo] about an extremely fat woman
depraved slut takes my throbbing meat hammer missionary style slowly and lovingly --- in her bitch pussy - uploaded by thasnatchdestroyer226
heres the key to humor: if someone asks a question with 'how' in it, you say 'very carefully'. if someone ends a sentence with an unflattering descriptor, say 'dont sign your posts'. thats it
hot 18 year old slut dribbles pussy juice onto preprepared paramecium slide --- pov microscope view of thousands of microorganisms dying due to an uncaring and incomprehensible force beyond their control --- uploaded by shadowsamus1997
i cant fuckin wait until one of these street thugs tries to play the knockout game on me. im gonna go into a power stance and say in a really deep voice 'not today, partner' and then i pull out my minigun and bam bam bam bam bam theyre blown to smithereens. and then i look down and megyn kelly is sucking me off
niggos, cherokians and molvanians: the voice of the subaltern in the sonichu narrative
o______o why would you want to do that to hitler. thats so random rofl
ronald reagan died because he was going totally gonzo on his wifes clunge and then forgot he was doing it and inhaled a bunch of pussy juice
ronald reagan resents his children because every time nancy went into labor he would forget what ws going on and think she was spreading em so he could go gonzo down there. and he went in tonguing full throttle on the top of his sons head and the doctors had to pull him away
some people say the bolsheviks improved the lives of the russian people. yeah, for like 3 years lol&&newline<jsoh> it improved the lives of the eighty million ukranians that stalin personally killed in the holodomar, becuase they got to stop being ukranian
[garth brooks voice] ive got nonbinary friends in feminist spaces
all you had to do was follow the damn train ch&&newline<goldenliontamarin> fuck. i fucked it up. god dammit
germany in the 1930s probably smelled nice
http://i.imgur.com/xwgizh0.jpg
http://puu.sh/6ey4h.jpg
http://youtubedoubler.com/?video1=http%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dzmf3zw_simw&start1=0&video2=http%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3duuqaevlljf4&start2=0&authorname=
i came here to deliver 4200 pounds of peat moss and chew bubble gum. and im looking at a digital signature
i had a really good idea for a call where i try to hire strippers to perform in a music video and gradually reveal that im going to have them eat a bunch of bees. but all the strip clubs say the strippers are independent contractors and you have to come down and talk to them individually
i remember listening to cmon fuck a guy on my ipod during gym class in 10th grade
i still cant believe th efucking drudge headline about obama bowing to a japanese robot
i was in a comic book store with my friend af ew weeks ago and i almost got kicked out for yodeling
im cutting off the circulation to my dick and balls with a wallet chain. the wallet says korn and my dick is going to fall off -kayden, age 9
im going to comic con to sow ethnic tensions among the balkan diaspora
im going to open a convenience store and instead of a sign saying no shirt no shoes no service its going to say no food no water no terlets. and no ones going to know what it means, but thats okay
im the administrator of /r/girlscoutupskirts. i used to be a participant but the state made me take the cameras out of my doorstep
in 8th grade i thought 'thats what she said' was really funny. i said it to my science teacher while he was lecturing. i think he said something about ants crawling into a hole. and then i yelled out thats what she said and he made me go to the back of the room
its too bad aryans arent as wily and clever as the damn jews due to genetics. but thats the way it is
man i found a barnacle jim thread from 2004&&newline<goldenliontamarin> its crazy that this shit was going on when i was literally in elementary school
much like the pharaohs of ancient egypt were buried with their slaves or indian widows would self-immolate to be with their dead husbands in the afterlife, stalin was buried with enough fully cooked human corpses to keep his spirit's stomach full for weeks in a nod to his well-documented practice of cannibalism
okay i disliked all 129 steam powered giraffe videos. it took a while but it was worth it
one time years ago i had this bot that did randomized auto signups for diet dr. pepper coupons, like hundreds of times a day when they were offering free coupons one per customer online. and every day my mailbox would be full of envelopes addressed to xkdgf regiwofgk and sdfgorgo qlfgjrjrg. the mailman would write ??? on the envelopes
please get aaron carter and the guy who did w&m gangnam style to come to the frat and then lock them in your room and tell them the hope jobs cash joke over and over until someone calls the police
prison is supposed to make people more functional in society. why would we give them anime
someday im going to find a girl who responds to 'i love to throw up into my own asshole' as a pickup line
the pachelbel test. -that at least two supporting instruments -do counterpoint with each other -about something other than the main theme
the poop nazi
theres poop on the camera lens&&newline<khawaga>
you should go join the north dakota nazis&&newline<samog> they're in jail&&newline<goldenliontamarin> help them break out&&newline<goldenliontamarin> you win irony if you help nazis break out of jail ironically&&newline<goldenliontamarin> no one can ever troll you again
brand x brand x. we're simple and plain. brand x, brand x. computer, generate 'nude tane'
'before the war, we british just spent tne hours a day snuffing around in the gorund and dirt,. whatever we happened to swallow became our sustenance'
'gimme the wallet. you how you know it's my  wallet? because its the wallet that says 'tane mouther orber' on it - plape fiction, by quentim dolezentino
'he wrapped his arse in a cloak of fine silks, and shat his self with much frequency (on the regular)'
'stop, collaborate and listen. traded me for molasses and my family im missing' -sample dialogue from vanilla ice version of django unchained
(((sqinting across the kinai plain)))) oh, that's just ben hur
(2023) woah trent reznor is writing a new national anthem to be performed on a circuit bent teddy ruxpin doll
(bends down, rubbing the grass and twigs with my warrior gloves and then smelling the finger tips)  fehhh....nerd stink...........
(birdo pops out a jade egg that makes a astral bee-line for my boi hole chakra )
(goes to chipotle) i will have one gilled burpito pleas. also a side order of fuck you, where are the gender queer bathrooms. sorry not sorry.
(starts vibrating and glowing) what's irony
(vince mcmahon voice) now rocky... listen... i want you to go out there... and talk about pussy on tv
(beat to trick daddy's take it to the house starts playing) order your florida spice medley at www dot thug dot com
(imperceptibly morphing into the italian clip art pizza chef and the moment you notice i snap back to normal)
(sung to the tune of wild thang) slut shame / melanias nudes tane
(walks back during lunch hour to eat a lean pocketsÆ brand ham and cheez mondo pocko blastertm and its playing take my breath away so loudly my fillings are getting hot) love this! love this job!
*egyptian god with the head of a big mouth billy bass voice* don't worry, be happy now
*hillary clinton voice* vote for me. bazinga
*in an extremely accurate gucci mane rap song mixtape hook circa 2010 voice* (peein in my mouth, pee, peein in my mouth. peein in my mouth pee peein in my mouth) *sound of a glass filling up with liquid that gradually keys up in pitch until the beat drops bakc in* peein in my mouth pee peein in my mouth
*kennedy voice* qweah
*piccolo voice* i can't wait for the weekend to begin
*puts away the little red book and slyly pulls out the little black book* mao chicka mao mao
*in a weak little nerd voice, pushing up glasses* buh hey guys check out this classical music&&newline<khawaga> oh shit! oh shit!
*sits down to write bad santa* bad santa joke idea #1 a elf but its a midget
<&kongming>    *presses hand to tastefully photoshopped picture of an poison dart frog* grifty was here...
<( `` o )>  {]~~~~    heres a pic of kirby inhaling a pie into his horrible maw
<grifty> i think the cartoon mario makes a hoffa joke at one point
a few people in my department expressed some reservations with my work. for example, a few called me a 'guttersoul filth monger.' while others smeaered their faeces on my door and desk. still more performed elaborate hexes involving the sacrifice of a rare strain of black lamb, damning my soul to the thirteenth court of the abraxal abyss.
and so thvs it was, myrlyn was entombed beaneath bowel of angle-lang by the wickide macklemorgaine
appetizers - demon king omelette our chef painfully vomits out a pulsating, veiny,  mucus-laden egg, served warm and placed on the table until it hatches into a gruff namekian warrior with a heart of gold. 14
abstract: are the savage races genetically predisposed to get all their news from the daily show. also: do i dry up my own turds on a rack in the sun, crushing them into a fine poop powder, doing lines off of my kia sorento of my own powdery fetid shit dust
bart simpson, age 28, lugs his 48lb gamer rig into a seattle's best coffee hut kiosk. 'oh this? this little baby is just my beater setup. the real lambourghini is at home. some people say gaming on the go is obnoxious and distracting. to those people, i offer this: get bent man.'
borat requires 12 scarab beetle shells to make you king of the castle. yes/yesnot?
buckets are great. you can poop in there, keep food in there, trap demons in there, eck setera
burpie pampers still has a shot. here's how:
chop off my dick and balls and put me in a baby crib and fill the baby crib up with the greasy liquified flesh of ground gamers and i will jerk my smelly little dick off with the gamer grease
dear adam. i hope you are having a nice tane in prison. orb you glad i didn't say plape. the small bart meme. - with love and copious dollops of new sincerety, snacks cody'
dear things white people like
dex dogtective in a cradle with a silver spoon. the gay jewish bat wants to fly in the moon
do you think the drywall of groverhaus could bear my load
dont you ahate it when you are having a ton of diarreah, just a foamy gree spraymess, and you also ge the uncrontrollable urger to crank off furiously at the same time? and youre just spraying fluids hither and twain, not knowing which end is your ass and which end is your tiny fragile flickering candlelight of conciousness? i fucken hate that shit b
entrees  special beam salmon. a filet of cedar-smoked salmon is dry aged in a hyperbolic time chamber and blasted with a telescopic ray reminiscent of 1950s american science fiction.  served hot and full of fucken holes
ego's bambino hangs like sleeve of wizard. king of the high chair king of the high chair
fanny means the female vaginus in lime tongue right
game show idea: big fat guy eats a white castle crave case of cheeseburgers with extra onions and fills a toilet bowl with a big hot ass load of putrid diarreah. but theres money in there too. and you dunk your head in there and whatever money you pull out of there with your teeth you can use to make a marginal payment against your crippling debt
gee howdy! doesnt that beat all! well tickle my whiskers! slap my nuts around with a 3/4 crscent wrech! lock my dick in a vice and crank it until it turns blue and ruptures! would ya take a gander at that! i like cock and ball torture too!
get on board for wicca
god damn i got this great idea for an article. what if regular stuff is, like, racist. like. what the hell do they eat in some backwater shit hole like.....*looks at globe silently for 15 seconds* somalia or whatever
gotta break a few eggs (infant skulls) to make an omelette (preferable conditions for the hoarders of capital)
greetings and salutations. welcome to the chat! :) *slides a mug of grog your way*
guys now i have an actual crush on the vengaboys lady
guys..........i think im taking a gap year before i join isis
here is my russian smart fridge comedy bit: in soviet russia, milk lets yuou know when it is out of you
hey now, you're a ding dong, get your show on get paid. hey pal, you're a rim ram, get your game on, get laid
human behavior is a fuck......1,293,193,287 ambiguous  social cue's
i want to find out whether my blood is flammable
i am a peace loving and non- skull frying individual tyvm
i bought and played a ton of home improvement on snes
i can feel it callin in the air of the night, ohh lord....ive been swingin on some dang vines, for most of my life, woo lord... - an ex scerpt from phil collin's tarzan
i feel that it is perfectly plausible that i have no romantic feelings about the enormous gray rectangular prism of protein in my freezer, despite the fact that i constantly want to fuck it, and further despite the fact that i have freezer burn on my genitals from fucking it
i find that the best way to celebrate the artistic merit and cultural impact of a film that you love is to purchase plastic approximations of the shapes and forms that are featured in the film
i heard im in love with a stripper 5,000,000,000 when i worked in the kitchen at arby's&&newline<grifty> not a great track at 6am when youre up to yr elbows in chicken salad let me tell you
i just ate two lunchables for breakfast
i keep a bottle of coca cola in my purse. put it on everything.&&newline<fermata> coca-cola. i put that s*** on everything
i like when i take a huge shit without getting any on the back of my legs
i love reading about that tar monster that kills tasha and how jonathan frakes almost died from being covered in black goop.
i love the way my own hot urine feels as it creeps across my thighs and gives me a red, angry diaper rash
i love to whack off while i stick my head in the fucking oven and breathe toxic gas and burnt up pizza roll particles. i smear my hand around in the scorched grease and use it to lube up my aching thirsty trash hole
i need to wear a bra but science and physical have been unable to develop an underwire with the necessary tensile strength to hoist my massive dry tits off of the ground. the closest bra that could heft my meaty sagbags popped like a piano string and decapitated a nesting family of sparrows in an adjacent sycamore tree
i really love brownies, but i basically just leave out the flour, eggs, cocoa, whatever else, and eat a stick of butter. yep. i just munch into a cold stick of unsalted fresh grade a creamery butter when i get a hankerin for that down home baked good flavor. love too eat browouwes.
i think i feel the creeping despair twisting its dark, cold fingerlings across my chest, but it is merely the warm sick of fermata's pungent turds as they trickle down my torso
i want a sitcom where a young, fresh-faced michael j. fox has trender parents and hes just like, guys, i dont want tits. and his parents are like yes you do son. youre trans
i want to make a movie called ke7in where kevin deals with a day of committing 7 sins like not going to church or getting busted for using trademarked george lucas characters in his fan fiction
i want to put thomas friedman in an incredibly hot, flat an crowded diaper&&newline<y> too late
i want to stew in my ramshackle hut made of pieces of scrap metal and rotting particle board basking in a warm preparation of fermata's turds
i winsh i was gay
i wish i had four dicks
i've come up with a new acronym (for the acrowin) to describe and encapsulate my emergent sexual identity. bitch, or boink in the care home
id love to be gay
idiocracy......more like realityocracy if one were to ask of my opinion on the matter at hand!!!!
if you stand with the police.share this picture of dreamworks minions
if you are into the hardcore shit just really edgy, out their kind of shit. like hitler isnt good and wampus. if you want to read and poast that kind of dog crap. theres a secret corner of the web where that can all be possible. you will actuallaly be empty-quoted and celebrated for it. its called #lf and its better than twenty dead babys
im a retired internet gang banger. now i go around to schools and warn against the dangers of bittorrent and referring to america online as aohell
im actually listening to creed and enjoying it a lot
im going to vape the polio vaccine and fasttrack my higher chakra to autistic enlightenment
im having bad diarrhea&&newline<patrock> *folds menu* yes, ill have bad diarrhea please.
im lonely&&newline<khawaga> youve got online friends to bring you cheer&&newline<grifty> friends. on the web&&newline<khawaga> logging online&&newline<grifty> what's this program? ah! friendship&&newline<khawaga> bonhomie.exe&&newline<grifty> it's good, when friends.
im said about kevin dying. to numb the pain i will listen to macho man - mr. perfect, which is his ballad about fellow wrestler, friend and confidant, curt hennig. may he rest in peace with the angels, honking their pearly tits and nuzzling his groin into their soft downy wings
im setting up a frog terrarium and i just placed an order with a website called herp supplies&&newline<brattybc> hope tgey can help with you're herp problem &&newline<grifty> need herp products. i have needs. herp need's
im so glad someone made a christmas parody of 'you're a mean one, mister trump.' way to really stick it to the shit man. way to smear the foamy poop-poop on the pee boy. way to really cake the turds onto the shitmonculus. >:-]]]]] *evil grin*
im wearing sooty, woolen gloves with blown out fingers like a charles dickens character. im typing chats into a old timey cash register .   there is nobody who can hear them
imagine a gordon lightfoot folk ballad about the abandoned circuit city that collapsed and killed dozens of furries
imagine looking inside the depths of your own very soul and the only thing there is a coldly lit, minimally composed organic latte on a pallid gray repurposed barnwood table. and the distant howl of the wind
in college i got in a flame war with the guy who invented papyrus. i wish i had gotten out and had sex more
interested in 'kevin?' you may also enjoy... *josh groban voice* a buffalo taking a diarrhea dump in your ear
it's me, your boy, the woke retard. i'd really like to spell out how problematic lizzie mcguire's baby reunion is as a film but im unable to get over how gay it was.
its really tragic that just as people were coming around to being open minded about this stuff in a legitimately mainstream way,  kids will learn its cool to pick a gender flavor like you would pick a flavor of frozen yogurt &&newline<grifty> and influence a lot of well intentioned people
james pond tittyfish edition --- money map$$$$$$$$$$$ taliban versus papa roach [[[[[[[resource control]]]]].scm
jello girl better watch your head / sell bloody marys you'll get egged instead
john adams is rated pg for strong instances of paul giamati
jsoh's home is upholstered with teeming ants. its all very chuvian
kev.......you got some shit to sort out homie. man to man. work on your shit.
knuccles af
like my assistant manager at the 65th & keystone arby's once said, 'ya can't mess with destiny'
millennials on the 2016 election: ooops...>we accidentally elected kony *puts finger to lips coyly*
my dream car would be, an electric 1996 dodge prowler in pearl white with the solo jazz coffee cup design on the side with matching trailer
my fingerless gloves grip the leather grip of my hanwei forge xxl practical katana, making a creaky,, tense, creaking sound that is heard throughout the dimly lit tavern. the rafters creak creakely under the shifting weight of my dark purple demon hooves. 'you're move, caps bowl' i growl in the voice of 10,000 damned souls, my treachcoat draping menacingly around my bulging frame
my gee-dee garage, mailbox and riding lawn mower got graffiti tagged again, by the gee dee 'poop fag'
my name is grifty, a jolly old fellow. my ass is long and my tits are yellow
my names barney rubble, and here is my rap. i am extremely gay and i love to crap (bam bam beatbox bridge) dont need an introduction, yall know me. my names yogi bear and i love to pee
my nut sack is a fleshy pouch of tic tacs&&newline<grifty> the thing is though, the tic tacs in my nut sack dont smell or taste good&&newline<grifty> seagulls are always pecking at my pouch, trying to make away with those smelly little pellets
my pussy is retarted and i have a ton of diarrhea
my shrivled kielbasa was mangled during a paper shredder incident at office depot&&newline<odd> i laughed when it happened. rude, i know, but hey you can't blame a guy for laughin
napoleon bust cum tributes
nice overdone hack cathedral&&newline<grifty> if we put as much tacky embellishment on this building as possible, we can trick poverty stricken simpletons into thinking god built this church&&newline<samog> im going to put some tacky embellishment through your skull, buddy&&newline<grifty> you. me. in the ring&&newline<acoustickitty> good shit
no thats the entire fucking point of brutalism, nobody enjoying a building designed by anybody else
one time i clickeda link in here and it was a giant picture of a guy shitting huge turd logs into a bunch of condoms. it was real big on my work computer screen
oscar dew pitch black encrusted with a deep fried coating of doritos gamer fuel
princess stinkmess. countess pleasurepisser. ed balls
queer women of the internet are fangirling hard over samuel l. jackson explaining game of thrones. 'he's basically a huge lesbian' quips one enby
read this. *i pull my fist out from a large book and im holding up my middle finger. i open my fingernail like a hinged cupboard door and out falls a parchment containing the 7,777 secret ways to jack off*
reminder that my dad would do an intentionally poor borat impression and say 'very goood' instead of 'very nice'&&newline<bonclay> i want to hang out with your papa&&newline<grifty> haha well im sure he'd appreciate the company, poor guy
salads - stop whining gohan! a dry bed of arugula is sprinkled with dry, artisinal sand and blasted into smithereens by a concentrated blast of ki energy.  11
snowies -informeries
sometimes ihave to wipe even though i didnt poop. i call this a tune up
star trek: the next generation, 8:30 pm. the entire crew of the enterprise is infected with a strange virus. daa gets horny, and fucks. (tv-pg)
starcraft $$$money map$$$$ asexual othertrans genderfluid v. heteronormie lesbian cisscum ((((shadow the hedgehodge. scm)))))
straight man. no fetishes. thinning hair. the eunuch, the rapist, the whore and the child who simply knew
straight man, no fetish. i like the threee b's: boobs, beers and colostomy bags
the westchester power plant automatically shut down on dec. 14, 2015 when a string of dropping from a 'large bird'    https://monstersconquertheworld.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/pdvd_151.jpg
the darkness shall not avail you, shadow of udun, flame of macklemorgoth
the mail box that i fuck is a power bottom, mainly in that its bolted to the cement
the reports are in: im fat and gay
turds make me horney
what is a boy? a miserable little pile of secrets! but enough talk. have at you! (i attack alucard in the nursery by taking away all of his ultra-op starting weapons)
what is it that kids get about new south park oreo's that parents just dont understand. perhaps the answer lies somewhere in the middle
what is some whackey ass foreign food shit i can use to proove my point. lets see. *goes to weird part of the bread aisle at costco* hahaha, what the fuck is a 'croissant'
when i was a kid taco bell had star wars toys and my dad took me through the drive through. and he asked what toys they had to the lady in the speaker. and the lady was like we have uhdarth vaderobelly kenobelly. bouncin bobala fett'&&newline<grifty> it was cool and funny
why do the castrating bands come in packs of 100 when i only have eight balls
why top 11? i'll tell you why. because the nostalgia critic just couldnt decide between eliminating the pjs or butt ugly martians. it was a real sophies choice scenario
you aint never had a friend *dropps 1,000 carpet bombs* you aint never had a friend never had a friend *authorizes three dozen tactical nuke launches* you aitn never had a friend liiiike meeeeeeeeeee *drone armada vaporizes a kindergarten*
you gotta know when to mhold em... know when to fold em... know when to franchise to a multinational asian foodservice conglomerate... know when to run...
zelda was good when i was a kid. im an adult now and ive decided that insted of moving on to adult things and developing as a person, im going to make the legend of trent reznor: master quest&&newline<grifty> do you bite the hand that feeds. do you chew the deku seeds
[00:54] &&newline<velocityje> where's the beef??? lol. just playin folks&&newline<grifty> whats the sass pal. mods? wrangle this chucklefuck?
all the hallmarks of the season. pumpkin spice, apple cider. splended leavs of crimson and orange.  a big fucking ring of lube around my pie hole
are you guys going to internet crucify me because i onced donned velveteen cat ears and started in a toho-namaguchi production of fuck my neko ass xl
as a white cis male in the middle west of the united states of america i can ardently confirm that i love to throw a frozen chicken breast and a slice of sweet potato into a pan and just let that shit sort itself out. this is extremely what i do
bud im ready for the end times. i've got my henderson castration tool plus my backup henderson castration tool. bring on the four riders of the apocalypse.
call me cismale
casts off his normie uniform to reveal a bright pink leotard, ivory codpiece and a mask that reads h m in blazing white sequins. the h is for horney. the m is for man.
da fact&&newline<grifty> i want to chat like a little rascal or a 1800s newspaper boy or my aunts idea of ebonics
dangling the functional tech specs of a working f-35 in front of american tax payers, saying, (mocking tone) you will never get this you will never get this
every morning melanie wakes up anbd browses her sites. yep. the internet is still bad. my how the time flies! it's 3am. time to submerge into a pool of ph nuetral gelatin and do this all over again tomorrow.
fill my meat stove with yogurt
flaccid spelled backwards is 'dicc alf'
foghorn, bingo. every time i post
glt's grandpa is actually the guy on the old mountain dew bottles. ironic since he doth love a fine quaff of dew now and twain
god damn i want to play final fantasy tactics for five days without showering
guys...get this...guys...guys.....bace yourselfs........   ' kick sharter '
honestly its almost more fucked up seeing the hand isolated without the gaping butthole, its much more profane
i guess there were these 20 foot tall flaming jets of natural gas in the late 1800s in indiana that industrialists just burned as a vulgar display that the gas would never run out. in 1901 it ran out. endless shrimp bitch this party dont stop
i have every final fantasy game after 9
i havent played a single phone game except for my beta port of virtual bart for the nokia 6600
i want hillary to don her blood drenched iron soaked war gauntlets of le epic win and clutch my pale, naked, trembling, blue veined body tightly, lifting me into the blistering sun of the serengeti . † †four giraffes have shown up to mock my pathetic chode and shriveled, ingrown plum-pouch
i want to feel the kacho's anime tittey's&&newline<acoustickitty> hes tweakin
i wish steve irwin was still alive and he could stalk into chrischan's filthy stinking hovel and try to wrangle him down, knocking all of his digimon dvd boxsets and anime figurettes asunder
i'm freakin owned
im  gfay&&newline<bonclay> i too, am the greater faydark zone in everquest, home to kelethin, the treetop city of wood elves
im a pomo materialist heideggerian furry w/ luxembourgist tendencies. a freshly shorn scrotum is breathtaking. my father made outrageous claims like he invented the question mark. sharks with friggin lazer beams
im constantly sexually attracted to the mailbox in front of my house. but its a real pump it and dump it kind of arrangement
im fiscally #poligoon but socially #obama
im going to sever my brain stem and plug it into a macintosh lciii and loop the afterdark startrek: tng screen savers into my cerebral cortex for the rest of eternity
im going to sleep. i will dream of greasy substandard fried shrimp named after forrest's original pair of orthopedic leg braces, 'ol rusty 1' and 'mr. clatterbolts'
im not gay but it feels racy to say i am. im gay. haha. its taboo. bet im pissing someone off
im saying 'i'll give you a trick youll fucking hate it' to my own dick and balls
im trans-gungan&&newline<grifty> this is a bad, confusing world to live in. when i pretend to be a big floppy racist salamander man from the planet naboo meesa feel all better
it was hot out, i was thirsty, there was a big bottle of bad dragon 'bob raaaarrrley' dragon cum weed lube,
it would just turn into fuedalism&&newline<grifty> family fuedalism. haha. *sniff sniff* survey says! little sally is wearing speedstick. to the gallows!!
kid rock looks like every guy who ever worked at a rural gas station
mike moulton making baby formula in the toilet tank&&newline<fermata> mike moulton has to write aryan nations 1488 on his diaper before he's allowed into the gang&&newline<goldenliontamarin> mike moulton upsets the leader of a rival gang and he sends his goons in to insert pieces of razorblade into the marshmallows he was keeping under his bed. all we have to do is wait for monday
my brother was in a cocktail competition last night. it was sponsored by absolut vodka. i stole a bunch of their promotional chapstick and its actually really nice
my penis is also hidden, and in a state of decay
no that's the entire fucking point of podracing, nobody controlling anybody else
nothing but classic cube chat on friday night baby
power user jsoh's play of the day....turning off subtitles on 'the wire' which he pirated ten years ago. lets go to that replay
strap yourself in. griftys back.
the law uis the law. *salutes jeb bush*
the taco bell commercial that also combined an ad for star wars episode 1: the phantom menace is my favorite thing&&newline<maarak> it was kfc ad too grifty&&newline<grifty> ^ yum! brands
there are three rules to be a griftykin. 1. you want to fuck a pickup truck at all times 2. weird nips 3. you are empty without sriracha sauce&&newline<maarak> that's not how it works in my headcannon, so you are literally calling for my murder
there was a bad documentary about the codex gigas called the satanic bible and i put it on and ended up having sex&&newline<grifty> so&&newline<grifty> word to the wise&&newline<bonclay> thats awful grifty. im sorry you were swayed by satan power to the wrongful path.
they should make a movie where hitler is black and nobody acknowledges it&&newline<goldenliontamarin> so, mr tarantino, what made you decide to portray a black man as hitler... everyone is wondering 'what are you talking about'
this guy...this 'tump'....he's a real ding dong if i am to be completey honest...
we all know the constant chafing, cracking and bleeding of my titty skin irritates me to the point of not having great social graces from time to time
weed weed the musical fruit,. the more you smoke the more your high&&newline<bonclay> the more youre high, the better you feel... or at least your emotions you better conceal. lets eat weed every meal&&newline<grifty> *lengthy golf clap*
whenever khawaga posts about snipping off kevin's balls i always picture him as the guy from clock tower with the big ass pair of garden loppers, going after kevin who is dressed as a midcentury norweigian female orphan. it makes me a little woozy to imagine this
who the fuck is john green
wiki wiki wild wild leak
your pussy is stupid. can i fuck the dumb pussey&&newline<grifty> can i have consent to fuck, in the sex pussy. i dont even want to. its dumb. can i please cum inside your bad hole. i dont even care. please though
zesty, tangy hydrogenated mayo. with a single dollop of wallaby cum in each tiny ramekin. that'll put your dingo on the lorry, but fast
i find that the best way to celebrate the artistic merit and cultural impact of a film that you love is to purchase plastic approximations of the shapes and forms that are featured in the film
oscar dew pitch black encrusted with a deep fried coating of doritos gamer fuel
welcome to the sharing economy. you pay money for goods and services but the key difference is when you do that, you are participating in the sharing economy
i have every final fantasy game after 9
i want to fill cartoon ponies with my hot, musty seed, and then climb inside their warm slippery womb and make house inside their dank meat chamber
i want to donate billions of kool aid points to the femenist victim's fund
it appears to be some sort of piss themed mixtape
did you like herodotus?&&newline<grumblefish> or are you still reading it&&newline<samog> i started reading it, and then started reading the romance of the three kingdoms instead&&newline<grumblefish> the fuck&&newline<grumblefish> fuck you
pierre told us all the food is poison... but he forgot the body and blood of our lord, jesus christ!
*finishes up 1000 word essay on frogs for ms gordons stupid biology class* 986 words. hmmm. *shrugs* we must secure the existence of our peo
19th century italians would love totinos because most of them were starving, and poor&&newline<medical> thats a lie
4 greatest evils of the 20th century by buzzfeed dot com: white power. white salt. white sugar. white flour.
<inkwell> what do you call a dude witch&&newline<handlebar> warlock, wizard, or as my bullies in middle school said, faggot&&newline<handlebar> they dont understand my power.
a people will never perish who do not want it themselves.
chocolate grain/gluten is poison for your brain
don't worry, we will act all tolerant while we are still under namibian rule, but when we get independence all the non-whites will get the boot or the bullet.
glt mutters under his breath 'i'd like to put you into a diaper' in front of the kim il-sung and kim jong-il statues in pyongyang
i just met you, and this is crazy, but your purchasing power is literally your only tool of meaningful resistance
i wish the holocaust never happened. for the obvious reason that it's one of the most horrible things to ever happen in our history, but also because it damages perspectives on the third reich. i wish they hadn't hated the jews. i wish they hadn't tried to exterminate them. because it's evil, and because it makes it hard for me to get across to people why i love nazi germany.
if i had my way, i would build a lethal chamber as big as the crystal palace, with a military band playing softly, and a cinematograph working brightly; then i'd go out in the back streets and main streets and bring them in, all the sick, the halt, and the maimed; i would lead them gently, and they would smile me a weary thanks; and the band would softly bubble out the 'hallelujah chorus'.
lenin has deep bags under his eyes as he has spent all night writing 'what is to be done?', it reads: your purchasing power is literally your only tool of meaningful resistance&&newline<handlebar> the long march was when chinese maoists marched through the countryside to get to the co-op
modern social-democracy is a system created by the jews under oliver cromwell to benefit the jews.
muh-muh say poo-poo o-tay...
nazism had many aspects and you can't just dismiss it all out of hand like that
richard balls. known aliases: dick balls.
wages: the tulip crisis of today? the economist investigates.
[21:35:59]&&newline<handlebar> gangnam style is an ironic parody of the style of gangnam, which is unironically celebrated by the mass media, meaning we ironically unironically ironically parody the style of gangnam korea
god damnit i dropped salsa into my keyboard&&newline<handlebar> '/'/'???'''''''''&&newline<handlebar> ???&&newline<handlebar> '?''''/''&&newline<handlebar> fuck it went deeper&&newline<handlebar> fuck
got my posting gloves on, embroidered with 'mean' on the left and 'fiend' on the right
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holy_water -- holy water - wikipedia, the free encyclopedia: 'in wicca and other ceremonial magic traditions, although the term holy water is not normally used, a similar substance is produced when salt is mixed with water.'
i have male pattern baldness, and i look 16
i noticed you disproportionately take exception to posts against jews. aren't you a physicist by trade?
i saw a 90s model chevy suburban with the nascar numbers 14 and 88 on the back in pink and one of those susan g komen breast cancer ribbons on the back
i specifically remember the moment when i thought 'lets try treating my job and everyone working there like a videogame' and then suddenly got 30x more successful
im going to go back in time and hand antonio gramsci the information he needed to turn the communist party of italy into the dominant force of italy&&newline<handlebar> your purchasing flower is literally your only tool of meaningful resistance
instead of smashing the windows of starbucks, buy a cup of joe from your local foodie-friendly free trade coffee shop&&newline<handlebar> instead of radical social and political change, lets buy stuff&&newline<medical> that is a sensible strategy and is actually working&&newline<medical> all the progressives and protestors for radical change choose non-chain organic coffee establishments where available
interesting opinion but you dont think left-fascism exists so let the real left-fascist in here (me [not you {you arent a left-fascist}]) do the talking buster
is judaism part of the 99%? jews make up 1% of the world. makes u think
israfel signs up for secret santa, gets chocolate gold coins sent to florida mann
its really funny that medical doesnt come in anymore since he got sent quinoa
lmao who would name their kid austin&&newline<handlebar> such a dumb name
look i met up with liam irl and im really not supposed to talk too much about it&&newline<handlebar> but he does use the hashtags in every day conversation&&newline<handlebar> he'll be eating and be like hashtag good eats
medical has not come back since opening up quinoa for christmas in front of his entire family&&newline<handlebar> he knew, for weeks, that he was going to get quinoa
medical ninja.&&newline<handlebar> fight me.&&newline<medical> i rather conserve my fighting energy fighting the poisons in supermakets
my second stood with a popcorn scoop over his shoulder, ready to finish me off if i was unable to commit seppuku
so who won the mapgame thing&&newline<samog> kongming won the mapgame thing&&newline<samog> by going on a date instead&&newline<handlebar> nick flaked out on going out w/ me because of it&&newline<handlebar> what a turn of events&&newline<inkwell> i ended up playing dota
someone accused me of being jewish when i wouldnt give them a 90% discount on an accessory
thats how they trick you into buying food, making it affordable
the court was barely conservative leaning as it was, now that he's gone and since it's extremely unlikely a paul ryan led gop will be able to turn down a single thing obama suggest, there will be a liberal majority on the supreme court for the first time since, like, the civil rights era? its gonna be bad
the failure of the 'separate but equal' doctrine can be traced to a lack of good faith and not as an inherent flaw in the doctrine itself. black people during the jim crow era would have undoubtedly flourished if actually given the same resources as others during that period. if we find differences that call for 'separate but equal' we should absolutely pursue them.
the fast food patriot will always be better than the food truck liberal
the story of a man who once punched dicks for evil, but now punches dicks for good
whats 100x99x98x...&&newline<chairman> 100!
whats 100x99x98x...&&newline<chairman> 100!&&newline<handlebar> im pretty sure its a bigger number than 100 chairman&&newline<handlebar> dont be glib
whats mudcrabs' nick&&newline<handlebar> oh&&newline<handlebar> .tell mudcrabs
when i was travelling cross country there was a gas station in nebraska that had nascar lighters with the numbers 14 and 88 and no other nascar lighters
yeah, i'm a lich >:)
woo just got the keys to new apartment&&newline<acoustickitty> feels good.
is there a bot for that&&newline<acoustickitty> hi
tera online is pretty dang cool
hnasty entered the room.&&newline<smoogie> smoogie | hnasty left the room.
shit i did jury duty summons. time to train companies so you never work in helping to develop stupid hatred of people are assholes and so are you are &&newline<fermata> gl ak&&newline<fermata> jury duty is tough
*in rip worf voice* hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, i am fucking sick hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey of this politically correct shit- hey hey hey hey hey hey hey housing, especially the pro-chinese shithousing
poop: tumblr like literally am on tumblr like literally am on tumblr like literally am on tumblr every moment i am holy and trans men trash men because thats a fitting descriptor of how garbage-like they are really care
odd said 6 hours, 9 minutes ago in #lf:&&newline<acoustickitty> well, it's not special because vivian is not a self help group, accountability group, bible study, or men's ministry. (+1 more, .showtells to view)
whant
its like i come on very strong. i am a very im just very. v-e-r-y. and if you cant handle very, then im a douchebag. but i think the world needs a little very. thats why black people love me.
lf is now a soapbox for trannies and marxist-leninists who don't want to do any of the 'working' part of being a 'worker'
people get annoyed at me when i do critical analysis of transformers beyond
dumb and shitty and stupid and add bad quotes and i smell and have no friends
boggle voice* diaper?                                                                                        diaper?
liam o'brien's upper crust delaware accent* white boy doesn't understand racism, news at 11. you wack and you can throw me out of the abbot. when asked in the
great now im reading a bunch of crap about golf turf maintenance. nice troll, fermata
one day, i'll have all the national costumes of my ancestors. *opens up wardrobe 10 years later to find rows upon rows of yellow foam cheeseheads and bernie brewer moustaches* mission accomplished
i will not rest until every cab driver has the right to charge someone fifty bux for pukeing in their car
!markov&&newline<acoustickitty> when i get ops you're gone, fucker
'headcannons are a legitimate form of activism! headcannons are a legitimate form of activism!!!!', i sigh, as i slowly draw my hanzo steel
*ahuviya headcannon beandog packs up his families belongings to escape the pogroms* the synagogue is gone, up in flames. theres nothing left for us in *checks streetsign* austrolatina
*cracks knuckles* time... to plane
*grins kevinishly*
*in bad dominicana voice* lets return to indigenous structure *palm slaps disney's pocahontas into vcr*
*in cinco products voice* tired of going to the grocery store and leaving with so many unneccesary food ingredients? *pans to harried guy pushing a cart that contains a whole potted orange tree backwards through the checkout lane*
*in rambo amadeus voice* neurodivergent
*in temple grandin voice* i came up with the idea for the gamer gate while working on a dude ranch
*john redcorn opens pony_hypnosis.doc* my peoples land, stolen for this?
*looks at steam profile* 0.3 hours played... 2 hours played... 0.9 hours played... *squints at planegame entry* 3017 hours played...
*renames choseon to cheeseon*
*wakes up in an egyptian military obuillette* you cant stop the krump *krumps so hard while chained to chair i tip over and short the car battery cables with my body, gaining strange and terrifyign super powers in the process*
-homero- acoustickitty said 1 week, 3 days ago in #lf: wahlberg: [eyes widen incredulously, he gives me alot of chicks i'm noticing are into my fucking words. you think meconium isn't for alphas, it's for peeing
.tag inkers someone with weird genitals which a doctor decided were mostly penislike
10 print 'i hate mondays' 20 goto 10
<&inkwell> !markov&&newline<acoustickitty> sorry about your life
<grifty> i have a big buttcrack&&newline<inkwell> nice
<inkphone> pepito what pomo thing do you have to read&&newline<boomata> your posts&&newline<inkphone>  aaaaugh
<inkwell> !markov acoustickitty&&newline<acoustickitty> acoustickitty hey, fucker inkwell
<inkwell> i like to describe myself as post-marxian, and hikikomori, and also to eat my own poop
<kevin> hey i have a question for the pro-soviet peeps here, what is your opinion on people fleeing from east berlin to west berlin over/under/whatever the berlin wall&&newline<inkwell> let me turn the question around on you. would the inhabitants of a castle under siege be presumed to be fleeing the conditions of the castle itself or the consequences of the siege?
<samog> .tell inkwell http://i.imgur.com/d7ntjmf.gif&&newline<inkwell> holy shit
<samog> hi&&newline<bonclay> hello, surface to air missile original gangster&&newline<&inkwell> *punches button and brings the malaysian airliner down* map crew 4 lyfe
a giant fuckoff bacon mother fucking railgun for the clit/brown/taintarea-pwning mother fucking win.
culturestrike, a multiplayer fps (first person sophistrizer)
current commissioner bud selig will receive the first commissioner bud selig leadership award.
for the record, i did not send grifty cheese. wish i had tho thats a good gift
german is good
hell yeah. time to go back to feudalism. thats what this sickle and hammer represent, the tools of my serfs right?
i like eating cheese
i liked wearing retarded t-shirts, hemp necklaces, and parachute pants in highschol. it owned
i was born with a small, deformed penis, the details don't matter, but if you saw it you could instantly tell there was something wrong with me. you guys have no idea how fucking awful this is: it ruins any chance at a normal sexual relationship for me, destroys my self confidence, and worst of all, no one has even the slightest bit of sympathy or tact regarding it.
i'm exceedingly fond of airplanes because they intrigue me unlike anything else on earth
in 1393, in paris at a masquerade given by the queen of france, isabeau of bavaria, one of gaston phoebus's four recorded illegitimate sons, yvain de foix, was burned to death when his costume caught fire from a torch.&&newline<grifty> don't set me or my four recorded illegitimate sons on fire ever again
lets do it. zig, for power and justice
panos, and the pans of fate
playing eu 4 for 24 hours straight is a bad idea
samuel pepys is one such tool, built by the british spies to analyze both the content and metadata of emails, browsing sessions, and instant messages as they are being intercepted in real time.&&newline<inkwell> noooooo
sexism is bad, because it restricts the freedom of the individual. what do you mean, categorical material discrimination and disposession?
too bad noone cares about medical criteria or material basis anymore! postmodern identity theory fuckin owns owns owns
thats extremely messed up that the beer and cheese dip says bold southwestern flavor
there are already (quality, fanmade) swastika skins out there for planes if you really must have them.
wsho the fuck is gaming steve forums poster inkling. im going to kill him
you all have no idea how much i like to plane
after i ran into someone with a wolf avatar with a huge dick i quit and uninstalled second life, after having tried it for like a couple hours
ah, lutullus? are you coming to this weeks robore et dracones† session? i hear our magister ludi has somethign special planned!!!
al franken's funeral: they put his dead self in the ground but instead of earth to cover him up they just dump a giant hotdish on top of him upsidedown and after it all falls off the engraving on the twin sized glass casserole dish reads 'was funny for awhile, could have been better and more topical'
alex nichols gets dumped promptly by his girlfriend for being an incorrigible nerd. he finds solace in the music by collecting quick clip hits from  storm drains and recording tristan und isolde onto them and dropping them back, not unlike a competitive bass fisher
alot of it is. yes. but the human condition is to be horney
also did i tell you guys that my grandad told me 'do you know you look like you're part of isis? 'cause you look like you'd fit right in'
also, in case you guys dont know, minusx has been playing whack a mole for the better part of a year now with medical ninja. which means hes actually bothering to do the work to get around g-lines to send us stupid tells now. what a world
also, the katters are bavarian/dutch. my mom's side is the alsatian/rhineland part
and my mom watched the perverts guide to ideology this summer at a workshop and deceded to get a bunch of slavoj zizek books for ppl for christmas&&newline<inkwell> im hoping the 'first as tragedy then as farce' book is alright.
apparently the turk story is a lie. one of my great uncles thought the 'katter' name originated with a liason between a turk and a german maiden outside vienna in the 12th century. which is obviously crap cause the dates dont work
ay carrumba! thats cheap&&newline<samog> the united states of america: we're employer-owned
beware, if you dont make any sort of requests for christmas you may end up with a bunch of xkcd merchandise
bitcpin
black bloc wahhabist
but. to answer the dont smoke song lyrics: 1) yes 2) nice strawman. seriously, dont do it again.
candy cows
chained 2 plane
dang dennys actually has a cool tumblr
did i tell you guys about what my grandma said at my dads birthday party. she said my dad got my grandad's 'turkish eyes' during a conversation about family history.&&newline<inkwell> and she thinks my grandad katter had some turk in him
digital nomad&&newline<inkwell> *a tumbleweed drifts across the drifter's path... he adjusts his google glass before contiuing on toward neo francisco*
dined on turds), so home and too bed', and in general mu
dprp and jihad at tenabre, the walls fell down, lnao&&newline<samog> steven and the anime club. steven, at the party. steven and the table. alby_fox and the police&&newline<odd> handlebar and inkwell, at the apartment. handlebar and inkwell with closed fists.&&newline<afatwhiteloaf> vinyl, his water salty&&newline<fermata> jussi, his head bare
dude id go for a lava lamp&&newline<inkwell> those things are sweet
excuse me. renton is best seattle suburb.
fermata i drew that jerk city comic with the caption help im surrounded by f-ggots and deuce going house of mirrors and i was real proud and shiwed it to handlebar thinking he was familiar with jerk city but he wasnt and got real huffy offended
for the longest time i thought 'you feed me minced???' was a lpc refrence you guys were dropping
for the record i dont have a baby dick&&newline<jsoh> ya&&newline<jsoh> just like jussi has hair
gee. guess i have egg on my face from not reading tumblr
ghandi sighs, as he draws his rajasthani steel
god this is gonna be such a pita&&newline<maarak> check your hummus gauge
good news. the grind for the special plane is finished!!
guess what jsoh and i figured out this morning&&newline<inkwell> the sequence 148842069 is found in the first 2 million digits of pi, but the sequence 694201488 is not&&newline<kongming> i go to bed, you guys are talking about the funny numbers in pi, i wake up, you guys are still talking about the funny numbers in pi
hahah i just got scared shitless by a wierd noise it turned out to be a kid on a big wheels trike outside lol
handlebar revealed the secret of inkwells babydick to someone irl
historians recently unearthed a heretofore unknown diary of one alexeth de norman, contemporary of fellow diarist samuel pepys during the restoration era. upon undertaking to decipher the novel shorthand system, the researchers were confounded by the majority of entries concerning 'effluence of fail', 'supped with my lord keeper of the privy seel (in the privy, for we
hmm. id also like to build one&&newline<inkwell> im going to be that guy flying the deathtrap in his back yard. its gonna be me
how many pangalactickin enbies have been disactualized and thought-murdered by the sapionormative child indoctrination complex we call 'grade school'
http colon slash slash f dot eed dot bz slash top five wackiest war crimes the united states should be held accountable for
i am actually only attracted to busty orcs. sorry
i bareknuckle boxed once. we both got in face shots and were like 'this sucks fun times cya'
i blame pepito. for bringing up israel. real fucked up. nazis are cool tho.
i distinctly remember one time cleaning poo off the underside of the toilet. the poop missed the toilet, and hit the floor with enough force to send spatter onto the underside, of teh toilet.
i dont actually hate alot of that classical inspired architecture categorically. im yanking chains when im rude abt it.&&newline<bonclay> inkwell is in his trollster's paradise... all the chains are his... hes using the chains to cordon off all the goats hes gotten
i dont even know who finkelsteion is
i dont know a damn thing about animal crossing new leaf
i got a gamergate message today from the psl
i got to see people dance to 'thrift shop' at a quincenera today&&newline<samog> did you think of dip shop the entire time&&newline<inkwell> yes
i got turned off of liking biscuits and gravy when i was a kid and we were on a roadtrip and the car broke down so we had to spend 24 hours camped out at a local sears that had an autorepair, and their instore restaraunt had all you could eat biscuits and gravy. and it was terrible
i had to look up what a dybbuk was
i have a tv. but i cant get fsn with bunny ears to watch brewers games, so i might as well not have a tv
i just got done watching a planegame mod do a staff livestream and i annoyed him by typing rip into chat everytime he died.
i kindof wish aliens would invade our planet sometimes cause then it would make us all pull together
i like brutalism
i like brutalist architecture, tbh
i like to describe myself as post-marxian, and hikikomori, and also to eat my own poop
i literally bought 4 lbs of cheese today
i love quizes. they are ghreat methods of qualitatively analyzing people, i take the political compass test after every conversation i have with my conserviative relatives to see if my ideology point has moved along the graph. every one else should do it too! its helpfuly, you can compare yourself easil;y to historical figures like winston churchill, hitler, and goku.
i love this new age of citizen journalism&&newline<samog> its all toilet sounds
i mix diet coke and red wine
i played settlers of caatan with handlebar once and when i beat him i yelled bazinga and he was convinced this meant i was a huge fan of the big bang theory&&newline<pepito> hahah&&newline<pepito> handlebar.
i read an article about how the crowning achievement of germanic civilization was the american midwest
i read some harry turtledove when i was a teen and liked it. thats a pretty good sign its proboably garbage
i remember reading articles abotu scanner cameras in macaddict magaizine in 1996
i still remember the time i saw the arkh project flyer posted up at a madison community center&&newline<inkwell> good shit
i think i have about 15 tabs open from fermata links this morning,.. it is a good day
i tried to join the coast guard but they said no cause i had an unpaid ticket for public urination
i understand the impulse for posting babydick
i want the dprk to nuke me (nuking my balls would be a bonus)
i was a plane nerd when i was growing up
i was bad at sport&&newline<inkwell>  i used to be allright at dodgeball, in gym class.
i was the gameing chair of mage for a semester, then i dropped out
i went to a hack-a-thon once. it wasnt called a hack a thon though. my project was folding origami paper airplanes
i wishe i lived on a plane
i wonder if theres beer on the sun
i would never give up on dairy
i would totes crap a daip if i got the chance to fly a plane&&newline<inkwell> no lies
i'll take who took a (blank) in my pussy for 100 alex
i'm extremely problematic
i, too, am going to become a non-man fighting to reclaim masculinity from men
id like to drive a fast car really fast on a race track some time.
id like to ride in a helecopter some time&&newline<inkwell> well&&newline<inkwell> and fly one
id say the most sick part of it is the promotion of autogynephilia and the hypersexualized view of gender (as in, everything to them having to do with gender is super sexual). the other fantastical stuff is messed up, but its more symptomatic of that underlying stuff, imo.
idk how much i ate when i was a kid, but right now i proboably consume about a pound of cheese a week.&&newline<inkwell> lol apparently a pound a week is still twice the national average&&newline<inkwell> im a lil tubby i guess...
if a rich person goes on a misguided poverty tour to live off of 20 dollars a week its decried as gross and exploitative, but if u tell a dude with a beard hes not a woman youre erasing lived experience. good shit
im a big fan of tang
im a dronekin
im agreeing with the mod of adtrw. what does this mean
im going to start a new branch calld incontinental philosophy. you just think about diapers
im gonna find this taylorist psych consultant and sock them in jaw&&newline<&inkwell> do you have depression? oh sorry no you cant have this job that might alleviate it
im gonna get a tattoo of a plane one day
im hearing this in girl from clueless voice&&newline<khawaga> of course youre hearing it in a clueless voice..... thats your internal monologue&&newline<odd> damn son&&newline<pepito> holy shit&&newline<khawaga> get wrecked,
im in a nearly constant state of hornynes. its crazy
im laughing at rhyming rennet with chedda. someone take me away to bad poet jail
im naming my city yolovista
im philosophically swole
im plane
im pourin out 40's for the planes.
im pretty sure my wifes new husband once went to a halloween party as hitler
im sorry i dont get the reference. whos gamemaster anthotny
im the menstural blood waffles with cum frosting
im the pile of flesh in a sea of vomit shouting 'ouya'
in addition to the xkcd merchandise i got some slavoj zizek books
in my table during art class in middle school the girls across the table kept asking me if i liked to 'eat out' and i was like 'what, like at mcdonalds? yeah i guess so' and they kept askign me the same question or variations on it for like a week before i figured out what they were on about.&&newline<chairman> same, except they were asking me about 69ing&&newline<chairman> but they didn't really understand the concept either
ink is good
interesting... the checksum is the same&&newline<grifty> 'checksum' of deez nuts
it was good, there were only like 15 people watching the stream, so he was responding to my 'rip' and 'ya got owned' chats over the livestream getting increasingly exasperated.
its extremely grindy, but if you like planes enough that is not an issue it seems
its good. whenever fermata says 'horney man' i picture it being with this face screwed up like someones got the cooties
its insanely important to consider the 'queer' interperetations of tv shows like sleepy hollow, the feminist implications of niki minaj's anaconda, and what 'the interview' means for 'democracy' on the korean peninsula
its me, im the one playing world of warcraft on linux in 2006
its now canon that medical switched isp to ban evade
iu went downstairs to get some breakfast and ended up just eating a couple handfuls of bugles
light yagami writes down peoples deadnames in his book but instead of dying they feel a compulsion to start yelling on social media
lol i was tryign to explain the funny numbers to my family the other day
lol, at the idea of me using a comb
maan if i had some useful skills i might be able to defect to the dprk
medical is extremely pathetic, and also unsympathetic&&newline<acoustickitty> it's for charity inkwell!
mikel forms the union of forklifters at the wholly guacamole plant. the first debate in thier union hall is over proper rotation of the privilege of driving the 'bishi among them
milwaukee, madison, greenbay and eau claire are the provinces in the state of wisconsin in vic 2&&newline<inkwell> im going to make a custom vic 2 nation of wisconsin that gets cores on marquette
morale is important&&newline<inkwell> rum, sodomy, the lash, and good ass cats&&newline<samog> unfortunately the navy has banned rum, the lash, and cats
my dreams tonite are going to consist of the yip yip muppets but going wonk wonkwonkonknknknk
my mental image of fermata is a pug dressed up like kyary pamyu pamyu
my mom is watching the big bang theory. i walked in noticed it was on, and went 'oh god' she was like 'what you don't like it' i'm like 'i can't stand it' and she goes 'that's a pity'
my mom's been meeting up with another relative on ym dad's side whos a lobbyist in dc for fat acceptance
my pee pee is heard (but not seen)
my, my, my, my grandfather / fell fell fell fell out of the guard tower
new kelvinist holy dip shop. just dropped a new ep called phat mass. prase our daddy. god
nice mix of architecture, imo, if you know what i mean >:p&&newline<fermata> milwaukee man found mid-coitus with cement mixer... breaking....
noisy chip bags make me so angry,. im glad something is being done about it *hurtles off cliff while shoveling bugles into maw*
odd i follow the same workout regimen as a professional baseball player (from the 1970s)
oh man my sister is such a dork&&newline<inkwell> much like myself&&newline<grifty> but you're so popular and athletic, how could this be
oh muuy hgoiifd
ohh yeah... itemize your deductions. yeah you like that, you worthless slimeball. check off that eitc box like the serf you are.
one of my enduring memories of reading megatokyo was coming across one of his sketchbook posts where hes going on about how to correctly draw different types of underwear on his anime babes, with all of these technical notes about the process.
ooooo planegame is getting an update tomorrow on my birthday. so hype
people identify as genderqueer because its been presented to them as an easy way to escape the strictures of gender norms without actually challenging the norms themselves, i think. its much easier to adopt a label than to confront the discrimination head on. but. that confrontation has been the driving force behind the progress that we have made, as a species.
personally, im against make-work, because it doesnt actually build character, its just a mockery of useful labor. which imo is what people tend to internalize, rather than any 'character'
planegame sabbatical day 3... *sqints eyes* its bright outside...
protect mother nature, bird friends
see for some reason i thought that financial domination entailed like having a fetish for a faceless person on the internet going over your tax return or balancing your checkbook, and like. telling you what to do, but erotically.
self hating trans people. rich coming from the he him comfort zone
someone on my steam friends list has the name 'lil b's koyaansqatsi remake'
stupid ibuprofen not working for stupid headache :/&&newline<seferyetzirah> you know what does work for headahes?&&newline<seferyetzirah> psilocybin&&newline<inkwell> that sounds like a fungus
sweet zard and hella bert
tfw almighty boob unfollows you cause your content sucks but u still fave all his ds9 live tweets&&newline<samog> unfollowed but the content still suckin
the coverage in the press is extremely uncritical. its a mirror of that puff piece that got done about rebecca refuse. favorable coverage to show the journalists sympathy for a 'progressive' cause. because if a pimp dons the mantle of activist and says 'im trying to help the prostitutes' people like that accept it at face value, lest they tarnish thier 'progressive' credentials.
the katters are turk&&newline<inkwell> fucked up, but true
the last time i did halloween my roomates taped a sign to me that said 'beauty school dropout' and we went to the club
the metric system is actually bad. because it divorces practical measurment from easy to figure standards. rather than refering to some dumb universal weight in a glass jar in paris
the shaering economy. hi. wed like to 'share' this capital risk with you. in fact, we're feeling so generous, we'll let you have it all.
the world reacts in horror at new k-pop craze 'kevin-chic' where participants festoon themselves with mark driscoll memorabilia and recite william_wallace_ii posts phonetically from rote memory
to plane, or not to plane, that is the question: whether 'tis nobler in the wind to suffer the wings and errors of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sky of troubles, and by fastening your seatbelt end them: to die, to sleep no more; and by a sleep to say we end the flight day, and the thousand natural shocks avoided by radar. 'tis a conssumation devoutly to be wished.
today one of my friends tweeted about how great it was that when uber had a special for $5 share rides in a zone lyft undercut them to $2.50 in the same area, and tagged it #capitalism
well. thats a lie. i also typed in 'ya got owned' occasionaly, to switch things up
wet4u
whats ur name in plane&&newline<flame112> flame11235&&newline<flame112> some fucker took flame112
when i was 10 i was really proud of the fact that i was the only kid on the playground who could tell the difference between a dc-9 and a 727 just from the noise they make flying low over our school
when i was thier age i sent a letter to prince harry inviting him over to play pool. and princess diana sent me a letter.&&newline<inkwell> this is a true story
when i worked at the burger joint we always used to go smoke up after work and towards the end i found out one of my managers thought i was creepy cause we smoked weed and i crashed on the couch like i usually did but she had her laundry on the couch too and i unconsciously used it to cover my eyes when it got light out and it turns out i used one of her panties
why the ckeh are oyu gonna pay money for linux
x__________x
you cant know the lived experience of someone who's oppressed, therefore any sympathy or or support you might have for them is disingenuous. and if you're being disingenuous in your support, your an opressor. therefore the only logical choice is to become trans or run away from home or quit your job or whatever.
you have gained rescue our cousins cb against michigan. the people of marquette (yooper culture, same culture group as primaryculture of wisconsin, cheesehead) are being brutally oppressed! they will welcome our armies as liberators!
you should visit this rest stop in nevada they have a urinal that is a garden rock water fountain so relaxing
50 years from now we're going to introduce you to the media tricked you?
50 years from now we're going to look back at this trans shit the same way we look at lobotomies and female circumcision.
50 years from now we're going to open 150 shops across the u.s. crimes in places that they are the top job at the computer is on american soil. this is another bar of chocolate. just grab one
<wheeerewolf> did israfel's breeder bitch finally shit out their fetid parasite&&newline<israfel> yep! &&newline<israfel> israbebe was born 837 last night
kiss the ring and listen to my billion dollar guidance, or walk away with nothing. fuck you for defying my authority and managing this company further into debt.
mandela is no accident that resulted from him and paige are still bad
mandela is no saint, he co-founded a communist guerilla force that committed acts of terrorism.
really puts in perspective what it actually takes to enact real change. rights come from the barrel of a gun, the business end of a stick, and a steadfast resolve, not twitter.
i started posting at work because i figured nobody cared, guess i was wrong.  i had to go into my fucking boss' boss office and read to him out loud a post like 'i want to cum on miss fortune's fat tits' or something.  then i got a huge lecture about personal responsibility and being professional. fuck my life
i started posting at work because i figured nobody cared, guess i was wrong. i had to go into my fucking boss' boss office and read to him out loud a post like 'i want to cum on miss fortune's fat tits' or something. then i got a huge lecture about personal responsibility and being professional. fuck my life
my parents rgeularly insult me bc i took a job that earns less than 200k a year to start
job.
job?
people like tpaine and getfiscal and bon clay seem to have backed themselves into getting trapped in the rhizzone cause nobody else understands them
my favorite thing about mycs gender theory vis-a-vis this privilege debate is that it did not mention privilege once.
does vincent price sound really super gay to anyone else
i took my copyo f dark souls back from my drug dealer last night im so happy
if you think about it communists are just hyperliberals
neurotypical coded
sometimes i think of my senior lit presentation on the waste land and get a panic attack
*in borat piccolo voice* your wife
.q add acoustickitty hey, fucker inkwell&&newline<skybot> teens: message already stored, doing nothing.&&newline<homero> teens: message already stored, doing nothing.&&newline<teens> lol&&newline<acoustickitty> lol
.q add lindso
.q add tsinava .q delete tsinava -1
<chairman> making me laugh is making my teeth hurt&&newline<lolcow> if you dont want your teeth to hurt you should only talk to me.
<_a_idiot> whats incel&&newline<skybot> odd: shy boys: irl - length 1868s - 113 likes - 105766 plays - sara gardephe on 2011-09-01 12:52:48&&newline<_a_idiot> these dudes are cool as hell holy fuck
<jsoh> i introduced some normies to the marshmallow trick and now they think im insane i think
<samog> khawaga flew to austria, and ate a doener kebap&&newline<jsoh> im not sure they have proper donair in austria&&newline<jsoh> they probably use greek style sauce and like, lamb or some shit&&newline<samog> they dont use canada sauce&&newline<jsoh> fucked uo&&newline<jsoh> up&&newline<samog> maybe he packed a bottle of thousand island dressing in his luggage though&&newline<jsoh> waht the fuck&&newline<jsoh> ill kil lyou
be eggcellent to eachother! - egg hitler
do not add quotes to yourself
for some reason nerdshit autocorrects to mercator
fuck the police coming straight from a position of almost impossible to image privilege&&newline<jsoh> literally a millionaire got it good because i'm insanely wealthy and never have to work again
i live by one motto, im crapping
i can't get  rid of turd kid mode&&newline<fermata> turd kid mode is your life
i just bought a bulk quinoa salad. from costco&&newline<chairman> let's eat it in my brand new prius
i'm pickle rick! wubba lubba dub dub!!!
incest is not a bad thing
its good to know that someone who gets paid to know things about africa's main source is wikipedia
kevin loves the diaper sniper&&newline<jsoh> mass murdere&&newline<jsoh> does everyone get the joke&&newline<jsoh> mass like poop in a diaper
let's hire a paramilitary outfit to conduct a large scale raid on hollywood to capture the day the clown cried on vhs
my mother, the murderous whore, is refusing to have sex with me when that could alleviate my sexual frustration.
now because i missed off the second most unprofessional person i have ever worked with complains &&newline<jsoh> i kissed off that person
now every time i hug a adult woman i think of irc and diva cups in south africa
s,,,,,, ,  ,        .    a
there was a nestorian borat: it was you
teotl of batmans
all of the italians it turk land left before/during turk invasions there was almost definitely no cross pollination&&newline<kongming> north african turk raided the mezzogiorno for like two hundred years jsoh&&newline<kongming> they even sacked rome&&newline<jsoh> there's no such thing as a north african turk you dumbass&&newline<jsoh> that's moors&&newline<samog> dont forget the lombard turks&&newline<jsoh> jfc
also, my dad was talking about reddit today a lot
before i die im going to fuck pauly shore
camp toilets are too narrow for me to properly perch on top of to crap
chairman is literally a terrorist now&&newline<handlebar> bless his heart
did i tell anyone about the time i had to go to the post office to retrieve a package&&newline<jsoh> and the lady laughed out loud a little bit when she saw my picture on my id
does the synch tube replacement work with vimeo&&newline<samog> you can use the logh synch tube if you want&&newline<jsoh> i made my own&&newline<jsoh> snych tube dot com slash r slash jsoh . its going to play shy boys irl on repeat until the end of time
dont you read tunney??? the singularity will come before then to end time idiot
extremely good news everyone&&newline<jsoh> im the top google result for 'proficient crapper'&&newline<jsoh> my brand is so powerful
extremely good news everyone: im now not only the first result on google for 'proficient crapper' im also the second result for proficient crapper , without the quotes&&newline<jsoh> my brand is so powerful
fermata tell kevin if he comes back we will give him his balls back&&newline<fermata> ,that's not your choice to make, jsoh,
fermata tell me how hairman and alex are going to give your man a sandwich outside'
good news all. i have butt hole worms
goofus stays in a hotel and then drinks his own pee on camera. gallant hikes through the rainforest and takes datura with a shaman
hi&&newline<jsoh> i had a dream, about lf. &&newline<jsoh> in the dream inkwell was talking about how he is against the shearing of sheep&&newline<jsoh> thats my dream. thank you for reading
hmm&&newline<jsoh> od you think the entire  adult population of tokyo would fuck me
i almost shit my pants at work today
i can see the corner of my fucked up idiot moustache and it keeps making me think i have some shit on my cheek
i dont know i dont obsessively read boring peoples life stories .&&newline<&odd> but jsoh. you read your own posts?
i got a ice cream cone from mcdonalds and it was tall and pretty &&newline<jsoh> but the cone was hollow, with nothing inside &&newline<jsoh> it was profound
i guess when the american empire dissolves mickey mouse will finally be public domain
i had a squad of sharpshooters trim my pubes with sniper rifles
i have a big revelation for everyone. im actually a multiple system. my headmates are the infinite alternate universe versions of me that are exactly the same as i am in every possible way. our preferred pronouns are idiot and fucker&&newline<jsoh> we say hi
i have a crisis friends&&newline<jsoh> my entire persona is falling apart&&newline<jsoh> i think i might actually have a big dick&&newline<ref> ego death&&newline<odd> rip
i just eralized that my one good joke idea ever has already been done and it was done very famously and i didnt put two and two together for years &&newline<kongming> what was the joke&&newline<jsoh> going up on stage and reading from one of those stupid childrens joke books&&newline<jsoh> like 101 jokes about dogs or something&&newline<jsoh> but norm macdonald did that at the roast of bob saget&&newline<kongming> norm is so powerful...
i just went to the bathroom and on the way back i heard my nephew (4) screaming about his mom taking something away. turns out she took away a plastic butter knife from him because he told her he was going to cut off his head and then started sawing at his neck with it
i read 'natural cures they dont want you ot know about' cover to cover
i say tacko
i want a world to exist in which i can get paid a living wage to type ed balls for 40 hours a week
i was born on september 11 2001 and my name is silver side up. i was named after the nickleback  record
i was sitting in my chair in my room nude and i got butt hole blood on the chair
i wish i was monetize your cat
im coemgenus lol
im ok with libertarians agreeing with me
im playing a dominions game as ryleh and my god makes everyone near him insane an his name is chuggo and i quote cmon fuck a guy in a global message every turn and every insane commander i have is named cmon fuck a guy
im pretty sure elves are not vegetables samog
im really glad that the forefront of our modern social revolution is about how everyone should fuck me
im really happy that now trots is associated with counter revolutionary cartoon ponies in my mind
im so fat
im werner herzog, and this&&newline<jsoh> is jackass | ***jsoh gets shot with a air rifle
inkers if you are actually interested in that thing i have to tell you its not really a novel&&newline<jsoh> it's more like a bunch of white people koans&&newline<inkwell> ya i read, it said prose poetry
instead of disrupting the economy , disturb it . oh ah ah ah ah
its so fucked up that the when women wear the most comfortable clothes possible their ass looks insanely good and when i wear the most comfortable clothes i look like a fucking slob. im taking the red pill
jsoh has rain brain. like the rain man. its the tism, except without the smart part&&newline<jsoh> my rain man autism power is the ability to know at a glance how many worms are inside my ass hole
just got a twitter add for depression awareness but in french&&newline<grifty> how romantic
just reported someone for harassement for saying 'whats the point of this' in the you tube chat for the 24/7 stream of kebab
kids these days fuckin loves yurts man
kung pow! enter the fist?? i thought i was reviewing schindlers list!!!
laughing at kevin getting real into young adult novels during his 12th year of university
lindsay why is your entire life focused on pee&&newline<lindso> because im a fucking weirdo
look out for kevin to appear on wwe as the autistic evangelical preacher
my nephew just came up to me extremely excited to tell me that pork chop, the kitty, has a penis, and that its small
nationalize the sex industry- marx if he was born after mass produced porn
now its telling me to watch top gun&&newline<jsoh> amazon thinks i love gay  movies
obama is the best president because he is the only one to murder vilerat in a false flag attack
obama is the best president because he is the only one to murder vilerat in a false flag attack&&newline<kongming> barack i hussein 'the dragon slayer'
paige did you ever try putting a worm in your dick
paige did you ever try putting a worm in your dick&&newline<paige> worms dont have ears they cant sense sound
pepe, dodo he is a bad president
praying for octopus people
pretty sure that spinach is not a vegetable, samog
real talk the irl kevin chatter is much worse in spirit than even the most spiteful quote add of him. fuck that guy forever
roll that beautiful bean footage * a video of samog taking a bath*
samog did you listen to the songs&&newline<acoustickitty> no&&newline<jsoh> wow.
someone in a different chat said 'i just finished watching the elephant man' and i said turn on your monitor
someone in a ot her channel was talking about how they hate #lf because of mudcrabs the notorious transphobe , because mudcrabs doesnt like the tumblr no dysphoria crowd
stop recycling profound truths ya fucker
the first time i was called autistic in real life was cool
the golden horde just joined the protestant league
the redguards are stronger than other races and fleet of foot, so they are good at playing all kinds of sports and doing murders
today at work a ukrainian recognized my name as ukranian and got realllly fuckin mad at me when he tried to talk about crimea and i said that crimea has been a part of russia for five hundred years
two grown adult men where just making fun of my mom for not knowing a song by nickleback
whats the bum bum song
when is the byob reggae from anyway&&newline<fermata> i was def in high school when it happened&&newline<fermata> i recall talking about it during school lunch&&newline<jsoh> hhaha&&newline<fermata> ._. the byob teenager
who the fuck is benedict cumberbatch i for real thought that was a fake name&&newline<jsoh> like brumpo tungus
eggcellent to eachother! - egg hitler
i was gonna go to the gym but then i had like a nervous minibreakdown about the whole thing so hi irc
inkwell, im glad to see you're coming around to my way of thinking
it's possible to fuck all the butts of strange and new genders while enjoying green chelsea haircuts and anarchosocialism, and also have good insurance prices and hospital visitation rights at the same time. at least, i think it is.
i was taught a deep breathing exercise recently where you take a large breath into the diaphragm, clench your abs, and then release your breath and muscles at the same time. it's very effective. what i'm getting at here is that this post made me have to do this exercise. quality content, very awkward.
and he went up from thence unto bethel: and as he was going up by the way, there came forth little children out of the city, and mocked him, and said unto him, go up, thou bald head; go up, thou bald head. when he looked behind him and saw them, he cursed them in the name of the lord. then two female bears came out of the woods and tore up forty-two lads of their number.
favorite food is hamburges and pizza's.
liberals hate him! click here to learn how a georgian seminary student solved the kulak problem!
was familiar with that concept though, and thought a lot about it.but i couldnt be trans, because if i were id be taking it way more seriously than masturbating in panties, so obviously i can forget i ever thought about that, it's just how i get off, even though the whole dressing up as a woman part beforehand makes me indefinably happier for a few minutes, and hey lets smokeanother bowl.in
google hookers, t mobile fail, legal weed, sniffing farts, chipotle sex
less drarry fics about poor old draco being picked on by society because he and his family was racist and more drarry fics of draco understanding that he and his family was wrong and deserved what happened and now he hes going  to use his pureblood privilege in order to help marginalize creatures in the wizard society.
im winston churchill in this shit
im winston churchill in this shit motherfucker
pizza tomb is currently lacking a dominant male figure
''dykes on bikes'? take a hike! can't you 'express yourself' without throwing it in our faces?'
'censorship censorship all over the place. looks like we need to send a message to the head jew himself brian goldner. maybe we might have to put the asshole in a bodybag. send a message to hasjew that their anti-freedom of speech stance will not be tolerated.'
'critical thinking' is the 'god of the gaps' of empirical materialism.
'daddy' came from queer leather folk and y'all vanilla ass bitches out here are like 'yes daddy' while you have monogamous missionary sex.
'didn;t really like this one. i thought it was bland, so i fed it to the horses, a couple of them loved it, one was indifferent'
'factory farming is horrible and should be stopped!' says the carnist, completely ignoring the fact that factory farming is the only way to keep up with the huge demand for animal products and the only way it could ever cease is if the developed world massively reduced its animal consumption.
'far be it for me to dash the idealistic, psilocybin-fueled dreams of a 22-year-old multi-millionaire whose emancipatory phase has swerved from ratchet-lite twerk ambassador to proudly pansexual lgbtq advocate and wayne coyne bestie.
'featured on fox news' lucrative entrepreneur opportunity $$$
'first of all, freedom of speech does not apply to my personal blog, facebook page, or any other space i control. . . . i don't need people to come into my space to tell me what the mainstream already wants me to hear. nor do i need to subject myself to this dialog in group discussions.
'got called a christfag today' sister count it as a badge of honour and pride - youve been worthy to suffer disrepute on account of the lord
'have you ever seen a fish gasping for breath when you take it out of the water? theyre saying, thanks a lot for killing me. it feels great, you know. no! it hurts!
'i don't know. maybe the dad from aladdinthe jolly fat clueless dad,' he grins idiotically, 'or maybe that warthog that sings 'hakuna matata.''
'i just left a job as a young adult librarian for a porn career because i can't stop masturbating at work,' seymour, 14, wrote on twitter sunday
'if i was rich, i would donate millions to fascist groups around europe and also donate millions to islamic extremist groups around europe. then i would sit back, relax, and watch the chaos unfold with a smirk.
'if it is a parent's right to set guidelines for their children in terms of their education, career and health, then why is it illegal for them to strengthen their natural heterosexuality?'
'in its quest to destroy the patriarchy, the left hurts mainly its own. we conservatives, on the other hand, oblivious to the latest trends in critical gender theory and content with complementary and mutually supporting gender roles, sail blissfully on as the happiest people in the land.'
'kink critical' people are actually oppressive and here's how
'my husband talked me into installing two dishwashers (possibly for somewhat selfish reasons...i wonder?) so we flipped the one that came with the house around so it is hidden under the island and purchased a stainless one for the main area by the sink. in retrospect im glad we did this, as i cant imagine doing the amount of cooking - and constant cleaning - i do without them.'
'no war but class war' is pretty much the rally cry of white middle class people who really want minorities to shut up
'not all men' means not all men. not all men do disgusting things to women. they are defending themselves because not all men do that. this is a disgusting mindset to be in and it gives a terrible name to feminists who are pretty much oppressing men because they're trying to defend themselves. yes i am a woman. no i am not a feminist because of those reasons and personal reasons. i am for equality for everyone. i don't need a name to define
'perf' is transphobic, you are saying that you would not date someone with a penis, therefore excluding trans women who may have a penis.
'passed away' is the more inclusive choice, since it would satisfy atheists and agnostics reading it as a euphemism for the word 'died', yet leave open other possibilities, such as life after death, for those so inclined. it does this without walking roughshod over those with spiritual or religious sensitivities.
'people with uteruses' & 'adults who menstruate' is trans inclusive, it doesn't conflate sex organs with gender, which i think a lot of people would agree is an inclusive descriptor while still acknowledging their personhood (saying they're 'people/adults').
'sex is coded into ones dna and no amount of surgery will change that either.' i hate to inform you but biological sex isn't -real- either. its a series of characteristics that people can fluctuate on immensely. have you ever considered speaking with an intersex person or are you too bigoted to consider that ?
'thanks to human ingenuity (re: coal and then oil) everyone got richer and healthier and things will continue unabated until everyone is rich and healthy because' this is unironically exactly what is going to happen and it's going to be awesome.  why would it stop?
'the ussr vs. germany was like the borg vs. the sith.' i am going to tuck this away and use it someday. it made lurking this thread worth it. thanks!
'well i'm interested in men, i'm just not interested in men.'
'what specifically is it about anthropomorphic children in sexual situations that gets you off, then??' some of the porn just looks hot. thats all. i fap to it like any other porn pic.
'which male disney character would you have sex with?' i ask.
'you're' the idiot! learn when to use the words 'you're' and 'your.' it's a wonder you found your way out the birth canal. i have found you can argue with an idiot for a million years, but you'll just be tired, and yeeeoooo will still be an idiot. but you need an idiotectomy... it involves removing one's foot from their mouth by inserting mine up their ass. statistics show a 99% chance of needing a repeat procedure!?
'[s]uch a reaction is, of course, the normal female reaction to a male.  it is technically called the 'black widow spider gene syndrome.'  you see, borden, it is all a matter of evolution.  men evolved from reptiles.  this is a scientific, indisputable fact.  but women, borden, evolved from black widow spiders and that too is scientific, indisputable fact.  it is proven by my own paper on it.  but i see that i am talking over your head.
'cis queers' lolmfatfo
'exceptional individual' is a ableist slur toward people with developmental disorder such as autism and down syndrome, actually.
'otherkin', most of the time that it is mentioned, is a way for people who have a problem with trans people to express this hatred in a way that mostly only other transphobic people will understand.
#bluelivesmatter #turnyourback on #racehucksters
#cisfeminist rape culture #cisfeminism i don't even... #feminism #rape erasure #rape culture #anatomy of a love seen #rapey #creepy #continued cisfeminist hypocricy and quiet cissexist-misogyny
#codered update: new findings from kemper boyd suggust that eating kosher jew meat can 'fuel the fight' to cure patient's islamo-ebola.
#cancelbella #nicuckelodeon #nickcuck
#empowerallbodies
#feministcrushfriday
#i have to remind i don't want terfs here#i hate you go away#go draw the mona lisa with your period blood
#southern #nationalist, #altright, #nrx, #antifeminist, #prowhite, #traditionalist #ns housewife and mother. meme maker. anime fan. as seen on the russian times
#terfweek is about education and empowerment through naming a shared history of oppression, pain and suffering. its about openly grieving the lives lost to the terf movement and talking about the suffering terfs have inspired over the last 40 years within not only the trans community, but within the feminist, lesbian and radical communities.
#terfweek is a week of education, raising awareness and openly talking about the abuse our communities have endured at the hands of the trans exclusionary radical feminist movement. from monday, august 11 to the 17, we invite everyone to share their experience with the terf movement using the #terfweek tag.
#teamfreak #teamhorny #fuckme #teamroughsex #daddylover not a fan of anal #teambi
#alcohol (donnt talk to me if youre drunk ill kill you)
#bigboobs #bigbreasts #biglips #busty #corset #cybergoth #fetish #fetishfashion #fetishmodel #fetishphotography #glasses #gothic #gothicfashion #gothicgirl #hugeboobs #hugetits #ink #inkedgirl #latex #nerd #pinup #redlips #redlipstick #retro #rubber #rubberdoll #rubbergirl #rubbersuit #tattoo #tattooedgirl #vintage #cybergothgirl #latexrubber #nerdygirl #rubberfetish #tattooedmodel #blacklatex #latexfashion #inkedmodel (show less)
#byebyeballs2016
#cigarsmoking #cigardaddy #daddy #suitncigars #cigarsmoker #businessman #cigarstagram #cigarstyle #cigarsmoke #cigars #cigarsociety #cigaroftheday #cigarstyle #cigarporn #cigaraficionado #cigaraficionados #suitlife #habanos #daddies #silverdaddy #masculine #cigarians #cigar #cigarboss #cigarmaster #cigarworld #igerscigar #pinglife #botl #cigarking
#death implication cw#aggressive tone cw#profanity cw
#gender stuff #cause like.. #i don't know if i want to initiate that conversation right now #but i want to have it #and if people ask about it i'm happy to talk about it #i just don't know how to start that conversation
#me#selfie#selfiesteem#trans#trans babe#babe#girl#lgbtq#lgbtq+#lgbt#lgbtqia#cute#clothes#filter#rachel#mtf#pan#lesbian#pansexual#panromantic#polyamorous
#my face
#ootd #psootd #wiwt #primania #croppedtop #croptop #fashion #fatshion #bigandblunt #fullfiguredfashion #honormycurves #plusmodelmag #killerkurves #mystylishcurves #goldenconfidence #plus_isamust #volup2isdiversity #curvy #curves #curvee #plus #plussize #psbloggers #plussizefashion #effyourbeautystandards #celebratemysize #celebratemythighs #instastyle #beautyisnotgeneric #fullfigured
#polyandry #poly #polyamourous #polygamy #swingers #swinging #polyamory #polyandry #openrelating #lovingmany #cheatforwhat #totalliberation
#queerness is not something you prove by fucking people
#the only thing worse than cis twefs #are trans twefs #and are they even trans?
#trans #transgirl #tgirl #transgender #transwoman #translivesmatter #ts  #tg #transpride #mtf #m2f #lgbt #transisbeautiful #transexual #gay  #girlslikeus #bi #lesbian #instagay #instadrag #bonita #love #fashion  #follow #makeup #photooftheday
#yarnporn
'fuck cis people' coming from white people needs to stop. it's not intersectional. i am not saying that shit to a black woman.
'no,' he says to me, 'the war with iraq which i assume you're referring to is an illegal invasion based on false evidence and lies that allow bush to get some kind of revenge on the guy his dad started a fight with twenty years ago. over a million iraqis are dead, four thousand american troops killed in action, all in an attempt to win a petty fight with a sad mad dictator.'
'slut's remorse' is why rape suspects should be anonymised
'what a wonderful morning!' liam 'ikarti' o'brien exclaims as he climbs out of bed in his cavernous bedroom, and steps out into the hallway of the seven-bedroom mansion that he lives alone in with his father.
'white feminism' perfectly explained through pizza and burgers
'you know people like me are fighting for your right to say stupid things like that while you complain, right?' i say to him, looking straight into his beady little shiteye.
(being above agreements doesnt mean no contact and no understanding; it means the opposite, understanding and ability to handle and be in harmony with. you dont abandon your family and friends and education and career, you understand and work with them, integrate them, and strengthen them.)
(i do apologise if anything here comes across as fatphobic at all, i tried to avoid that but am kinda horribly sleep deprived)
(i should have said the uteri of *people* in this country. i'm still working on being trans-inclusive. my apologies.)
(i'm trying to become a history teacher, so i needed to state all that)
(i've always been super pissed that the global prime narrative went cyberpunk dystopia instead of space opera).
(please note: this thread and the pics have been reviewed and deemed acceptable due to their non-sexual clinical value, so please don't report this thread over the pics- admin)
(pictured: the peoples cinnamon roll receiving the icing of dialectical materialism.)
(when the medical theory of transition was invented, it erased millions of peoples lives and experiences, and was founded on an explicitly racist homophobic and misogynistic basis)
(im turning 27 this year)
(like adf and his asspatters know any genuine nonbinary people).
(side note: argo is fantastic. watch it).
(white lesbian voice) fish is a slur
(yes i do actually have elbow dysphoria and, if it existed, would be interested in elbow reassignment surgery. stop snickering. i can hear you through the internet i said stop)
(you like cock  and ball torture? well shucks, me too!).
***warning*** the following is my own opinion based on spending a few years on breast enhancement web forums. i am not medically trained in any way and do not advise anyone to act on anything in this post without doing their own research on the options available, and consulting other advisors, preferably ones with real medical or psychological credentials. this information is provided as a convenience only. ***warning***
*disclosure: i am a blogger ambassador for harmons grocery and was compensated for my time and for recipe development for this post. all experiences and opinions are my own!
*points to fedora* takin' em back. now for trans women with beards, too!
*does some in-your-face terf-bending and lights your fedora on fire*
*hugs* u r not prostrate cancer. and whoevr thinks of u that way is a bucket of trash :-/
*makes jokes about oviposition to mask a deep-seated, genuine, fully absurd but legitimate dysphoria over lack of an ovipositor irl*
*me yelling from a megaphone on the street corner and handing out pamphlets* no dick is worth all that&&newline<kevin> *me yelling from a bigger megaphone* this is casual cissexism and you know it bitch!
*menacing, sinister voice* get ready... it's kevin time.
*points at fedora* taking em back. now for trans women with beards, too! *vapes deeply*
*realsubtle voice* i dont have internalized transphobia i just hate the unacceptable transes
*rolls eyes @ allosexual queers who act like hetero is the shitty part of compulsory heterosexuality*
*rubs my trans hands all over you* does this make you uncomfortable
*takes his collar off and throws it into the flames of hell and then stares into it as he turns into an adult, his fur turning black and red snarwling with an evil grin, showing his sharp teeth while doing so*
*very quiet voice* queer spaces need to be safe for people of faith too
. online banking? paypal? it's numbers in a ledger.  the innovation there was mainly the internet. bitcoin eclipses them all.
. paedophilia. (the vast majority of the time, we're really talking about hebephilia and ephebophilia, but that's semantics and probably an unnecessary distinction to make for this thread.) easily the most controversial one.
... betraying their wife by going to a strip club, they're not.
... partly steampunk but also has shades of biopunk in it ...
...and then there came a day when god was wroth. and wearied he was of the fornicating and pleasure dallying of the people. and he did cause a wondrous cloud to come and everywhere it struck; the anger of god snuffed out the breath and breathing of ninety-nine out of a hundred men. and disaster lay upon the land and plagues and epidemics rolled and smote the unholy; and when it was done, the wicked were gone and only the holy and righteous,
...they abused me by pinning me to the ground with, uh, their ha--with, uh holding my wrists and my ankles
..and i've been told i'm only nice when i sleep
.g marxist critique of aristocats
.q add kevin im winston churchill in this shit
.q add kevin i identify as a queer-as-fuck pansexual and poly male-to-female persyn, leaning androgyne and very anti-capitalist. im not really a girl, but im definitely not a boy either. im something else. i have been on estrogen, how i continue with my gender transition is a very personal matter. i feel my transition is a fluid and working laboratory of gender to experiment, but nonetheless  i love my queer body.
.q add lindso hey everyone, im lindso, and im stupid
/r/communism stands in opposition to bourgeois notions of free speech.
1 egg (note: use a vegan egg replacer)
1) add rice to rice cooker, add bullion, cook ~halfway&&newline<kevin> 2) pour can of ragu on top of rice. add chicken (pre-cooked canned kirkland variety) atop that. don't mix, just let it sit there.&&newline<kevin> 3) second half of cooking.
1. painting yourself blue is offensive because you are still mimicking a person of colour. that's what that term means, non-white. if you're not white, you've been oppressed from birth, you know that because you said those words. 2. would a poc 'whitefacing' be offensive to you? since i know the answer, why wouldn't it be since it has more personal connotations to you? 3. have you also noticed that none of those costumes literally use
10 times 'you can't do that on television' was the worst fat-shaming show of your childhood
10 ancient grains to watch: from kamut to quinoa
11 novels so amazing, you can't tell what genre they are
11 dead, 100+ injured. hopefully helps with brexit.
11 inches of xenomorph dick awaiting to be ridden. &&newline<kevin> [please reblog to signal boost.]
13 things that cannot happen under capitalism: 11. functional anarchy (looking at you, an-caps)
18+ lesbian, dom, cam model, poly, vaguely aro (still feeling it out but quoi and fray sound right), trans lady, she/her pronouns, fantasy dildo enthusiast | i am not your trans 101 resource. i am a good sex ed resource tho! i will not suffer men without tribute. because this is a sideblog if i initiate contact it will come from sapphicslimegirl | pics of me tagged selfie
19 y/o tranny dyke ancom gender nihilist madhyamika guanyin devotee.  she/they, but i prefer she most of the time. twefs dont follow. reblog  anything you want.
19, squidgender, femme leaning, around 5'3, blue eyes, and currently brown hair but soon to be copper. biromantic demisexual, slightly sex repulsed, polyamorous. my fav colour is purple, and i'm a biology major. i'd maybe take you too a museum, and then maybe one of those documentaries on some cool animal.
19y/o christian college boy with a handsome filipino boyfriend and a huge crush on glenn danzig. proud virgin!
2 heaping tablespoons flour (spelt, rice, tapioca or all-purpose)
2015 goals: getting even fatter and being nice to people
25 december 1992 - received my first bicycle - i refused to ride the bike due to the seat causing pain to my male genitalia and prostate. i have not rode a bicycle since then.
25y old white camab semibinary drag handmaiden faggot womyn; tw: this is an angerblog; attemptsupon.tumblr.com
26, lesbian, tomboy, poly, womanist, pro-black, antitheist, obsessed with farming, self growth
3 years in and 4 dead amps later, proves that this sub-woofer and amp are quality, and i blast dubstep for 10 hours at a time, stupid vodka...
30 degrees is not good have a panic attack and flee your home weather
31 y/o bi amab genderpunk. they/themself pronouns for formality, punk/punkself pronouns in informal/friendly settings. he/him only if i say so, and feel its acceptable. anarchist, communist, feminist, pagan and radical fishkeeper.
34 year old, eccentric humanoid, obessed with music, consumes a lot of blue moon, and stuck in perpetual youth (abdl) seeking a padded girlfriend.  i also do art/video type stuff.  art: athirstybottle.net  youtube: isidetape
36year old proletariat atheist dude with a bald spot and an ebt card to meet hot, blond bourgeois female 17 years younger than him at the most luxurious hotel in washington, top floor, to live with her because we both feel the bern
4. texted my brother about 'weed tea' i was making. there is a cup in the sink filled with water, and all my weed poured into it (only about $10 worth). i don't have a tea kettle. or mugs. or teabags--it was literally just weed in water.
420 time to hit the pot this and piss the diaper i'm going pee pee i'm wearing my diaper right this very minute that was a fresh warm pee over my fresh warm poop i want a good baby now
5 reasons why normal people shy away from the prepper world
50 shades of great entertaining&&newline<kevin> celebrate the fifty shades of grey movie by whipping up a themed dinner party.&&newline<kevin> bon(dage) appetit
50 shades of grey is truly one of great films of the modern age, females weren't just used as sex objects like hollywood has so shamelessly done so in the past. i was literally wet every time i left the theatre, not due to arousal, but due to the sexual scenes having purpose. the age of female cinema has begun, the feminists have won.
50+ masculine (submissive) bi-sexual male from south florida that enjoys being with dominant men, women, and ts/cd's.., luv sucking cocks, cum, cum facials, and strap on play. i am submissive by nature and have strong desires and fantasies of being feminized and then used and abused like a good sissiboi faggot should..i also have fantasies of bbc, forced bi, cuckholding, licking up cream pies, piss play, bukkake, fem-dom, crossdressing,
56
6.the number of girls a character can have relationship with has been increased to more than 10.
70
75% of straight ciswomen would refuse to date an unemployed man. vice versa, the number is 25%.&&newline<kevin> classism is not a sexual orientation and calling it out is not rapey.&&newline<kevin> #bidirectional feminism
8 logical fallacies that fuel anti-science sentiments
8 oz. favorite pasta (i used quinoa pasta)
9 races after dale died was the first time ever a track was not sold out. think about it that way. only a crapload of america watched nascar because of dale. there will never be another intimidator like dale.
92 people want to lick dog shit infected with tapeworm eggs off the soles of a  pair of trainers/sneakers.(as of 11th december 2014)  give this superb little bouncy song a 'thumbs down' rate and you too want to lick that doggy poo off them shoes. don't do it..it is nasty! and bad for you ok.
:3
:i'm sorry that as a gay man who is still in the closet that i'm not allowed to think that part of brony culture is appropriative of my own fucking sexuality.
;_; i have a pair of scissors, shall i just chop my cock off right now?
<&odd> everything is a meme. for instance have you seen the goat man&&newline<cevian> i posted about it on fb and my friends were mega supporitve
<&manymanywolves> http://i.imgur.com/yrhea6l.jpg&&newline<&manymanywolves> http://i.imgur.com/yrhea6l.jpg&&newline<&manymanywolves> http://i.imgur.com/yrhea6l.jpg&&newline<&manymanywolves> http://i.imgur.com/yrhea6l.jpg&&newline<&manymanywolves> http://i.imgur.com/yrhea6l.jpg&&newline<evin> i have limited data
<acoustickitty>&&newline<kevin> i should be an eternity of sausage-boxing kevin's tender boy pussy
<ekvog> dude im pro-israel
<bonclay> 2014-08-03&&newline<kevin> smilin' at every sexy bitch that's walkin by&&newline<bonclay> kevin!! why did you say this bad thing&&newline<ekvog> ts not a bad thing bonclay
<cevin> chairman have you made any funny tumblr posts as of late&&newline<cevin> i know youve got it in you, youre as good as glt on some days :)
<evin> im going to track pepito down and beat the sh*t out of him
<evin> oh man i havent listened to this bad religion album in like 9 years&&newline<evin> id forgotten how good it is&&newline<acoustickitty> ban kevin for being a dad
<evin> that was me trying to make another joke&&newline<evin> but i couldnt find out how to make it funny&&newline<evin> fuck&&newline<evin> why am i so unfunny
<gay_gamer420> so evin are you gay now?&&newline<gay_gamer420> because i remember you used to be in love with dr who companions
<grifty> i really love brownies, but i basically just leave out the flour, eggs, cocoa, whatever else, and eat a stick of butter. yep. i just munch into a cold stick of unsalted fresh grade a creamery butter when i get a hankerin for that down home baked good flavor. love too eat browouwes.
<grifty> you gotta know when to mhold em... know when to fold em... know when to franchise to a multinational asian foodservice conglomerate... know when to run...
<kevin> so odd i bet you think youre such hot shit because your submarine possessed the capability to wage nuclear war huh&&newline<odd> yeah kinda&&newline<kevin> well where the hell is your super special nuclear submarine now???&&newline<odd> somewhere in the pacific ocean i guess
>:/
>mrw you constantly leak precum into ur panties and then you wear black panties for the first time and it rly shows
@ undertale fiction kin: you can stop now.
@ terfs stop trying to steal lesbians. lesbians are far too good for you
@visfosho made a politically incorrect joke about raping an owl. now his is the incarnation of evil for some occupy oakland peeps and one in particular @moewytchdog is threatening to assault him and smash his camera if he shows up at occupy oakland again
@jewish-privilege @littlegoythings @tikkunolamorgtfo and other jumblr blogs: please help me get this noticed. my university did not listen to me.
@leahtype's lad, close friend to @elenavostrikova, @greybrightsea's flatmate. synthetiks advocate, atheist, ne'er-do-well. contra naturam, now and forever
@lowenaffchen i don't know if i let you pee in my diaper either maybe you could pee in a bottle and then i put it in my diaper i'm just not into guys
@neurotypicals (and even neurotypical teachers!) who like to make jokes about mental illness during psychology class: fuck you
@neurotypicals who study psychology because they find mentally ill ppl fascinating: yikes
@tinydickboy1 his little penis is so tiny, small, #pathetic and needs to be stapled with a staple gun to his # balls
a 26 inch pinkie pie wearing vintage luvs from 1997. shes diapered and ready for play!
a burlesque take on captain america: civil war (nsfw pics)
a funny thing happened when we took back america!
a genderqueer asexual's ramblings about writing, life and everything in between.
a rabbit is a high maintenance, 10-12 year commitment, which will require daily exercise, a specialized diet, and regular vet visits. are you prepared?
a rhode islander born and bred, you can't hate wright's farm. in fact, now that i live out of state i miss it more than most things in that lovely little state that i'm from.
a scientologist who fails to use scientology technology and its administrative and justice procedures on the world around him will continue to be too enturbulated to do his job.
a short documentary film about a cross dresser sachin / sakshi, how she came in terms with her sexuality & gender. will she become a eunuch is a question she asks herself.
a basic primer on physical transition options for transgender male-bodied people who identify as neutrois, agender, androgyne, genderqueer, non-binary, or are simply seeking physical neutrality and/or nullification.
a bisexual and an asexual walk into a bar.&&newline<kevin> its a queer bar.&&newline<kevin> people there assume they are a straight couple and ask them to leave because umm :/ this is a safe space :/
a boyfriend who is like naruto uzumaki, one that can quickly trust me, love me, and has a use-it-or-lose-it attitude towards life.
a distressing number of 'heterosexuals' are involved in perverse sex identical to what's done by gays (up the rectum, down the throat, jerking off with porn); probably better than 80% of heterosexuals use contraceptives, which means they were already largely and deliberately turned away from natural sexuality.
a few boys in duluth.  just high school stuff, mainly.  in a car, back of the gym.  one or two professors.  and my brother, of course.  nothing important.
a flag is not hate speech you pussy. neither is a cartoon of muhammad for that matter. sjw and wahhabist ideology seem to coalesce on these kind of things i've noticed. racist = infidel. man i just got a great idea for a new flag...
a former co-worker has been paying a 'voodoo' practitioner to haunt me but the police laugh at me when i report it
a frequent refrain from some left-wing posters on these forums has been to castigate those who support the democratic party for insufficient fealty to progressive causes; that the democratic party has, in some sense, been responsible for the dearth of leftist politics in the us in our generation. i'd like to offer the following rebuttal from matt yglesias:
a full psychoanalysis covering five years cost a decade ago 9000 pounds (british sterling). yet we furnish far more lasting a result for $500.... it costs about $75,000 to educate a psychiatrist who can obtain no good result. for $500 or less we can train a hubbard dianetic auditor who can run rings around any commie psychiatrist on the planet.... any has (the lowest level scientologist) knows more and can do more about the mind than any
a fun mental exercise i recommend to liberals is to imagine what the world would be like if different races had different levels of intelligence, as well as other mental traits, and that these are inherited just like height. i was a far left obama voter and then one day as a joke i decided to try and take on this 'ridiculous' point of view and suddenly everything in the world made too much sense.
a functional set of body armor was the best thing to come put of me not getting the role of an extra in transformers
a gifted kid will probably get more out of reading wikipedia than going to a formal class.
a good example of this is the ww ii russian rifles made by mosin nagant.
a guy who thinks people who keep child porn on thier laptop need jail time, needs jail time. you've been brainwashed beyond salvation.
a healthy amount of sex is at least once or twice a week. for a short guy this is just not possible. tinder, parties and bars don't work if you are under 5'10.
a high and rising proportion of children are being born to mothers least fitted to bring children into the world. some are of low intelligence, most of low educational attainment. they are producing problem children. the balance of our human stock is threatened.
a horse is going to give you his butt before he will ever give you his head. horses kick.
a hot load from my monstrous tranny-cock embodies womanhood more than the pieces of menstral art your transphobic cunts could ever hope to create. love, womyn-born-monsters
a huge percentage of breast-having people
a lot of people recognize that there is an ongoing program of genocide against white people. there are websites, newsletters, videos, and radio shows, but too many talk about family without including the family.
a man who knows only how to use and discard women dies prematurely. he is offered acceptance into heaven only if he goes back to earth in the form of a woman and really loves someone. this was a very funny program; ellen barkin was wonderful as the man in a woman's body. the ending was a real tear jerker, so have a hanky ready. 5 stars.
a meditation on what we've made of our civilization; a world where we embrace our own alienation, and weaponize sexuality. if you don't know how to love, all you can do is hate, and none of us are better than the herd.
a meet cute is a fictional scene, typically in film or television, in which a future romantic couple meets for the first time in a way that is considered adorable, entertaining, or amusing. the term has existed since at least the early 1940s.
a new, innovative way for perfectly salted pasta water! found deep within the himalayan mountains from ancient seas, this salt has many health benefits due to its high mineral content. use to salt water for pasta, rice, or steamed vegetables.
a picture of my booty and it's booty cheeks :) i eat a lot of whole grain fiber so my farts and gas is frequent :d my booty is prepared and ready to pass gas and break lots of wind on any of you girls faces ;) :love:
a pregnancy or vore fetish is nothing to be ashamed of. saying so is extremely bigoted and close minded.
a racial comment from the anti-racist pro-fbi 'left'. how ridiculous.
a reactionary is not a republican, a democrat, or even a libertarian. it is not even a communist, a fascist, or a monarchist. it is something much older, stranger, and more powerful. but if you can describe it as anything, you can describe it as the pure opposite of progressivism. true reaction is long since extinct in the wild, but it lives in carlyle -- whose writings are now and forever available, though
a relatively chaste, arguably feminist interpretation of the bdsm fairy tale.
a sane group, knowing and using their technologies
a sane group, knowing and using their technologies of handling men and mest, cannot help but control their environment.
a shy, silly, happy, sane, & genuine babyfur from the bay area who's not so nervous anymore about his interests. @lowenaffchen is my daddy!
a small brown diplomat, with his top hat still on, was really making a score with a coal-black girl!&&newline<kevin> finally, from somewhere he produced a rope and managed to get it around her ankles and her wrists.  and then he really gave it to her!&&newline<kevin> i thought i had been satisfied for the evening.  i began to get aroused.  he was going to kill her for sure!
a smart, sexy and fun dystopian steampunk story of an american future aliens have knocked society back to the wild west, and two women start causing some serious sparks. also, steampunk bdsm.
a smarter version of yuan shikai was the perfect person.
a successful relationship between a man and a woman features the man in the dominant role. that dominance is lost the moment a male gets on his knees to bow before his female and perform oral sex.
a sweet and very innocent remake of red dawn, where absolutely nobody was killed, and the badguys basically were shamed out of town. more or less by accident, one guy was slightly wounded near the end of the book. a children's story.
a thick, creamy, tangy, gooey vegan nacho sauce perfect for topping your chunky veggie sloppy joes with.
a twine of mine literally just came out in a book called videogames for humans&&newline<kevin> it was collected by merritt kopas. she just got a bunch of twine authors and a whole bunch of twines and just mixed and matched them. she had interesting people play them and document one play through or however they wanted to react. it is available through instar books.
a universe where my generation stops bitching about baby boomers and starts fixing shit.&&newline<kevin> but no.&&newline<kevin> sit-ins, growing a few plants, and buying cheap organic bulk food from ranchers is too hard for too many people apparently.
a warning to those who are intellectually sub-par: i do not suffer fools gladly! therefore, i recommend you not engage with me unless you are competent in the basics of mental reasoning and logic. i have come across a number of individuals who are not in possession of sufficient mental faculties to formulate, let alone comprehend, complex arguments.
a week later, kevin came down to my apartment to talk about the video. kevin was wearing deep dark purple nail polish, and he looked at me and he said, 'i'm gay.' so, we mapped out what we wanted to do. kevin told me that he either wanted to be a christian rock star or an art-world bully.
a week later, kevin came down to my apartment to talk about the video. kevin was wearing deep dark purple nail polish, and he looked at me and he said, 'i'm gay.' so, we mapped out what we wanted to do. kevin told me that he either wanted to be a rock star or an art-world bully.
a woman arrived to pick a swimming suit for her cca 16 yo daughter. it was an expensive shop and her business-like conduct was as if she was preparing a trophy pony for a parade. a feminist could say she was grooming her for a role of a sex object but i was mesmerised by the beauty of it. envious and sad. whole worlds of experience i'll never have...
a young...well...person. i don't prefer gender titles. people respect me for my ability with technology, and thats what i care about
a-u-t-i-s-m: what does it mean? silence and friends unseen! a few brains as well: that is autism! and that makes us seem special to you!
abc (anti-ball crushing) engineering gives you and the family jewels room to breathe
adl, common core, feminism, anita, authoritarian left indoctrination, orwellian language. god /pol/ stop being right. #gamergate
ahh, come on fucking guy
am i a boy??? am i a girl??? i dont give a fuck
anal sex....anal sex.....anal sex!!! its all the left think about....except killing babies!!!
and my mom burned my weed! i don't have any left, not a single fucking hit! and i have nothing to calm my nerves! i have nothing to calm me down! i have fucking nothing to live for! fucking living in a fucking gay-ass car, a fucking prius! i can't even street race! i can't street race, i can't live, i can't smoke weed, i can't do anything!!!
anyway long story short my dad had to bust open the speaker with a hammer and crowbar to get my uncontrollably erect dick out
asexual and aromantic are not the same thing now say it with me
aaaawwwss^^his super adorable with his red bottom, and his underwear is super cute too =d
abortion is torture to women and death to babies
about me people were lunching quietly, without haste and without boisterousness. soft-treading little men of nippon brought delectable viands on dainty dishes. a stringed orchestra was playing softly . . .
about sex: i usually do it myself, with pictures of women in dresses. i imagine that i am one with the women, stuck in the role: often forced into it by a man. i imagine myself with breasts and with no choice but to live as a female.
about two-thirds of babyfurs live in north america. the remainder are spread about the usual furry hotspots: western europe, scandinavia, and australasia.
absorb all the information you can with the abundance of pua material on the internet; they have much more to say about interacting with women than any headshrink. i myself been learning how to approach and make conversation with women. im a 41 yr old impotent balding virgin male and i asked a model (she was at our local mall trying to scratch out some talent) for her phone #.
accusations of sexual menace are a key weapon used against marginalized  people in feminist spaces, because it arouses peoples disgust like no  other actthe threat of black skin on innocent white, of trans bone  structures on ethereal cis skeletons. its as common for many of us as  cat-calling or any other form of ubiquitous harassment that cis  feminists talk about, except no one wants to talk about it.
ace friendly songs?
ace people arent straight. so they belong in those spaces because thats what the a stands for
ace, demi, androgynous, nonbinary, transmasculine and transfeminine, agender, queer and otherwise non-gender/sexuality conforming people are all welcome on my blog. you can message me anytime, for any reason.
ace/aro/agender
actually jesus was not white nor was he jewish, he was a brown palestinian man of arab descent. white people are always attempting to portray poc as white or jewish. &&newline<kevin> 80% of this planet is inhabited by native black and brown people, white people make up 19% of the worlds population.
actually sexual attraction and romantic attraction are on different axis, so you could be aromantic and demisexual.
actually the major issue is due to individual choices. the greatest cause of greenhouse emissions and the leading cause of climate change is do to animal agriculture.&&newline<kevin> to those who choose to consume animal products, their demand is incentivizing and paying for climate change.
actually, i have, i have like a bunch of condoms, that expire like 2010, which i've been saving for uh, for uh my first time, or uh, you know, the ones after, the ones after that. ehey, you know, as long as uh, anyway, you know, i like uh, be safe or sorry.
actually, i've always thought that if the goal is reducing human suffering, surely swift death is the most efficacious policy?
actually, i've only started trying to draw in a manga style in the last few years. my art was even worse before!
actually, all i did was beg her for sex a couple of times i was very, very frustrated and sex starved. i did not want to have sex with her any other time than those few times nor do i want to now.
actually, fascism elevates human life; that is its purpose. the power of a democratic majority can vote to invoke any aspect of any political system- liberal, fascist, communist -all of which do necessarily overlap.
adam and eve are historical individuals. ironically, genetic science has determined the existence of an eve who is literally the mother of all mankind based on her mitochondria being present in every living person. logically, there must also be an adam.
adapted from orwell's review of hitler's mein kampf. no, chavez wasn't hitler! but orwell also wrote the same was true for stalin's 'militarized version of socialism' which is a good proxy for chavista venezuela.
add bacon to your cinnamon rolls (trust me)
add me to the list.i try not to judge people too much since that isn't my duty. killers, rapists and other sexual abusers, child abusers along with those into child porn, and a few other have whats coming to them though. when it comes to lgbt and things like that, it doesn't bother me either way. i'm not sure what my mom would think if she found out about my ak/dl side.
additionally, i have seen many transfeminine people post about how scary transmasculine people are, which puts me in a position where the only logical response is not all.. which only plays to their hands.
additionally, feel free to lie to family members if you feel you need to. you can attribute weight gain to stress, or medication etc. no one should make you feel ashamed of your body, so by all means lie to avoid it.
adhere to tuxedo business rules and operations procedures as instructed in the tuxedo manual, and clearly convey tuxedo rental terms and conditions to all customers.
after all, he said, all food should be guilten free, meaning consumers feel good about what theyre eating.
after college, but just want to date college students.
after getting tired of everyone typing [lol] i decided to use olo and realized it was a pictorial of a pair of balls and a rather short cock....kind of like my own.
after months of inactivity, (hey, life gets in the way) feedee world is moving to tumblr!
after nearly a decade of economic growth spurred by the market reforms of the 1990s and by rising oil prices, the russian economy has descended into soviet-era stagnation.
after reading the speculations about bragg liquid aminos posted on this forum and hearing horror stories from others (my sister talked with a man who said he quit using it because it gave him nightmares)
after seeing that fat android picture i posted earlier, i want to read about fat androids as a design choice. there are plenty of situations that could require one: maybe the components require insulation from radiation or extreme temperatures, maybe the layers of fat are protection from weaponry.
after some time there was an ominous sounding schlurp and the sound of bubbling. i drew the trepan out and the gurgling continued. it sounded like air bubbles running under the skull as they were pressed out. i looked at the trepan and there was a bit of bone in it. at last!
after taking a shower this morning, i went to my old room, got my megatron g1 figure, removed its attachments, and in its gun mode, i shot myself in the head.
after the 14th day, on each diaper change, you will only then discover that you wet and messed your diaper but be totally unaware of when it happened. by day 21, if you haven't played with yourself, you will be rewarded with orgasmic bliss everytime you mess your diaper. this will happen whether you are male or female.
after using axe body spray, i felt scentally delicious and confident!
agree with rachel, there's a comforting gentle nature to being abdl, all around there's a greater innocence and much less aggro or pressured nature. for me it's a few things but one of them is emotional release from whatever stressors i have in the moment with myself or life, i exist in my diapers freely and they hold onto me snugly and i love that, i love that if i'm stressed trying to sleep i can step back and have a wonderful rest by letting
agreeing to be a cuck was the worst decision i've ever made. (self.confession)
ah valentine, a day where i eat chocolates alone :)
ah okay yes i see your point. so instead of using female or girl or anything genital-based, would it be better to use something such as they or people who experience menstrual cramps to avoid causing dysphoria or misgendering?
ahem.... it is 2015 in much of america: it's still 1963 in the south, apparently.
ahh, i want a feeder soo bad!! even if its a platonic thing! i just want someone who teases and prods me into eating a lot for them,
ahuviya is gender-neutral, it can be either male or female, given the fluidity on my gender identity, it's perfect for me.
akoiromantic is the orientation where the individual experiences romantic attraction, but does not want that attraction to be returned. i have a post about it that came out last week if youd like to read it. :)
alcoholism is a personal problem: if you arent responsible enough, you shouldnt be going to places that serve alcohol. thats your responsibility. not theirs. theyre not forcing you to buy their product, and idgaf if its tempting, thats still on you.
alice, how can i convince my neighbors i'm not a pothead?
all 78 recommendations
all i can say is that after 16 years of actively trying to become fully incontinent it would have happened by now unless that choice was beyond my conscious and unconscious control. that is why i said 14 days isn't going to cut it either.
all i wanted was a new game system and i keep getting held back because my mom likes to be selfish just to mess with me. i could find a job if i wanted to earn money so badly, but i can't because i'd be separated from my computer; it's my security blanket and i cry whenever i'm forced to leave it behind.
all workers are objectified
all for it i love to be locked up in diapers with no way to be able to take it off and i do mean no way i all so love to have a locking but plug and cock locked in chastity
all gardening is actually 4-dimensional since it requires time for the plants to grow.
all gay people in america owe trans women of color a debt of gratitude for their courage at stonewall
all my friends are mgtow, i bond with no other, the smell of cunt on a man's breath is sickening! their unable to sustain a logical mind when their thoughts are all wrapped up in pussy.
all people who buy vegetables are supporting human trafficking. all people who buy manufactured clothes are supporting human trafficking. all people who pretend that human trafficking is only a sexual slavery thing are ignorant and want to morally control our lives because sex is involved. more people are trafficked for industrial labor but you dont care because their forced labor and rapes arent as sexy as sex trafficking victims labor a
all pizza is fucking disgusting. i go to new york, everyone wants pizza. i go to a party, pizza. i go to a d&d game, pizza. i go drink, we eat pizza after
all terfs should be lined up and shot in the face.
all the cartoons i enjoy are super queer now and its great.
all the cool kids are trans
all y'all really need to read niall ferguson.
allowance is a horrible practice that creates a sense of entitlement and a customeristic mindset and doesn't teach the children to go without.
almost all the blacks in his book are victims, almost all the whites villains. this is not history; it is advocacy.
alright i'm only about 10% pure white, but i'm still an avowed white racist because i know that i'd like my descendants to be more white than me, and that the future must be white. it's an intellectual decision, not to be confused with one's own clay make.
alright can anyone tell me the difference between being fictionhearted and having synpaths? because all in all they sound like the same concept just using different words. would i just use whichever one i connect with more? is one more legit than the other?
also at least lg people get clubs. have you ever heard of an acearo club? no so idk why people are so mad at aroace people for being invisible.
also how dare yourefer to me as autistic. my parents and therapist only think thats whats wrong with me, and to anyone else who wants to 'lable' me, fuck off and die. i am what i fucking am and i refused to be labled such an insulting and hateful title as autistic.
also im currently going to itt tech school for my associates in nsa (network systems administration). so mon-wens im pretty busy so if i don't respond right away im not ignoring you. just working full time and going to school will take up alot of my time. which school is my highest priority right now and im gonna focus on that so i can get me a career going instead of dead end jobs going paycheck to paycheck.
also is it a bad thing that i've been working on a su fan-fic?(in my defense i think i came up with an idea that actually could be good)
also made vegan mac & cheese with spelt fusili & cashew sauce last night in honour of boat guy who i hope is doing ok. breadcrumbs ontop is a nice touch
also need to remember that imperial china was crazy arrogant as fuck and a clash at some point was probably inevitable simply due to that fact. although there were a lot of sensible people in there, it's just that the organizational structure promoted celestial assholery.
also use an icicle for the weapon because it melts away
also, i can only speculate on why there is a bursting volcano on the cover; this makes the book less credible and more sensational in my opinion.
also, in sparta men only got their names on their graves if they died in  battle. and women? women only got their names on their graves if they  died in childbirth. the spartans compared childbirth to fucking battle  and it was viewed as a goddamn badass and honorable way to go out.
also, kosinski is about as consistently libertarian as they come, so it would be fair to call him an extreme centrist.
also, my father was a mechanic for over 20 years and was married to the same woman for 21 so how fucking dare you call my father a thot.
also, thank you for proof positive that highlighting transphobic behavior and language, revealing how terfs are conservative puppets of the patriarchy, and posting facts to counter lies, misrepresentations, and immoral and unethical violence is considered  bullying  by folks who are engaged in bullying themselves
also, to my observation, it's common for transpeople to vacillate between or experiment with different sexual and gender identifications before finally settling, so i can't really take ahuviya's vacillation as strong evidence that her current claimed gender identity is a lie.
also, you will not orgasm from messing your diaper. i know this is one of your major fantasies, but it won't happen.
also, passing is a stunningly bad and broken concept. i get what its trying to convey, but it seems to fail on a basic level since it makes it sound like passing is something someone does, when really it would be a lot more accurate to say passing is a condition granted to an oppressed person thats almost entirely dependent on things beyond the oppressed persons control
alternate your masturbation sessions to allow porn one time, and avoid it the next.set a 30 minute timer for yourself, so you dont get sucked into video after video.only watch porn on the weekends.only watch porn with your partner.
alternativefurnews nationalist libertarian atheist and race realist dedicated to the restoration of western civilization for my people and liberty.
alterous attraction is a type of attraction which cannot be described as entirely romantic or platonic. it is described as a desire for emotional closeness. much like sexual and romantic orientation, alterous orientation is defined by whom you have the attraction towards. this being the case, the same prefixes apply.
although the gender binary system is coercive and limiting, the binary genders themselves are valid identities.
although we all like to hate our financial institutions, they really have been an incredible force against class structures over the last 100 years or so, allowing the middle class to own property, start businesses, etc, by gradually extending credit to more and more people.
always reblog feminist thor :3
am i hallucinating or is everyone trying to gaslight me - me every day that i actually go to school
am i a brony? maybe. ive watched episodes of my little pony: friendship is magic, at least. at the risk of being reductive, my little pony is about a bunch of really cute magical horses who go on really cute adventures and save the day with really cute, friendship-based magic. my favorite show is the wire, which, being an ultra-violent crime soap opera, is the opposite of my little pony in every single way.
am i alone in disliking wurster? i've been listening for almost a year now and at this point if not listening to the show live i'll just skip passed his calls. the bits just feel very forced to me, i mean besides being overly long and totally boring.
am i happy this is the last michfest?  you damned skippy!   i and other trans women are gleefully celebrating the self inflicted demise of an event that was founded by a longtime trans oppressor and transphobe in lisa vogel.   it unfortunately was molded in her terf image to train cis women like you to hate trans people.
am i the only one whos preference for certain food changes with which one of my kins are active at the moment? when im my dragonself all i want to eat is eggs and a bunch of blue berries but when im sylveon i want to eat a bunch of cherries and apples.
america began in the midst of a revolution in the late 18th century. it was violent, raw, and unrefined, but showed terrific promise and unquestionable sincerity. throughout the antebellum era, the complexities and diversity of the culture increased greatly. the country accomplished the unthinkable: a free society, more or less.
america would not be the great country that it is if it were not for those who were willing to rebel against the king of england all those years ago. others left behind their homeland and risked their lives to come to america.
american history: bernie sanders is the first jew to win a presidential primary.
american: its fine man chill
americans need to learn to regard xenophobia as a virtue.
americans, americans. the people that we love.
ammohead i think your good guy simple ole country boy like me some of your meals look great gonna start trying some of them keep em coming brother
among the various creatures who called gaus home were banished descendants of pokemon characters, mutant clones of mlp who had been thrown out of ponyland, yettichus, and even rumors of a transgendered santa claus that lived....somewhere.
an emerald city floats amidst the mist and clouds of the pacific northwest... a city that has become a realm of dreams for many.
an ocarina of time fic where trans link, having gone through puberty asleep, suddenly experiences dysphoria and equally trans sheik helps link deal with it.
an open letter to oprah about crop tops and body positivity
an asexuality coat of arms, inspired by this post plus heraldic dragons. click to enlarge. i always figured that if ace of hearts was for romantic aces and ace of spades was for aromantic ones, then ace of clubs could be grey-aromantic aces and ace of diamonds could be wtfromantics/quoiromantics.
an organoleptic experience that defines the categorythe gold standard of flavor that people identify as a philly cheesesteak.
anal vore is my life
anally many people have tried, and 99% of people (i included) have done it in an improvised manner. to safely inflate anally, you would need a medical machine that artificially insufflates your intestines with carbon dioxide, and preferably a medical supervisor to monitor you. most of us don't have access to such equipment, so we improvise with the equipment around us.
anarchy. communism. free love. deadheadism.
ancient harvest quinoa pasta, spaghetti style, supergrain, 8-ounce boxes (pack of 12)&&newline<kevin>
ancient harvest quinoa pasta, spaghetti style, supergrain, 8-ounce boxes (pack of 12)&&newline<kevin> price: $41.99 ($0.44 / ounce)
and i guess what i resent most of all is the fact that i will spend the rest of my life arguing with people who not only think that their faith in progressivism and the state is smart and modern, but that their opponents are the ones who are stuck in the past.
and i just did another nice warm pee in my diaper while sitting in my chair and i got a big puddle of pee oh that feels so good
and i understand they like dildo-play as well, so if my actual condomed one is not cool for her, i am willing to wear a strapee with her fave dildo. and i don't have to have it rubbed for pleasure; caress my breasts and touch me all over with the silky, smooth hands and fingers and nails, hmmmmmm! so goood!
and i'll tell you something else. today's society where everybody is glued to their computers and internet and all that, they're definitely closing themselves off from society. it's like they're becoming autistics themselves. i mean, if they're definitely not glued in front of their computer they're definitely about as blank as that au- that little teenage boy was.
and i've got to be honest, even under the best of circumstances, fucking hitler's face doesn't sound all that appealing.
and nobody should ever be banned from a high-volume store like wal-mart or target for anything less offensive than a gun withdrawl or robbery. we all have bad days, and unless we actually hit a person or living individual or similar actions, in how we individually react to how we are feeling at the one moment, aside from the other individual moments, to ban an individual is just plain wrong.
and as for shit i got going on headwise: autistic, depression, adhd, anxiety, ocd.
and chubby witches are good. buff and chubby witches. imagine them smooching,even. thank u
and definitely to quote the watchmojo dot com top ten internet trolls, it definitely puts in better perspective that they are still just people, don't know how better communicate in better words, or emotions. ...but yeah, nobody's perfect, anyway.
and don't give me that shit about boba fett being hispanic, slave-1 didn't have rims and he had a good job as a contractor.
and even if they put her under psychiatric care, that would change nothing. it never does.
and even though north korea is a vile, loathsome, horrible force for unadulterated evil, i still hate hollywood for sopa so i kind of hope they go nuts on the studios for a while and make the world a more interesting place.
and if anyone wants to claim that i can't tell a woman what does or does not make them a feminist just because i'm a man, keep in mind that i consider myself a feminist as well.
and if you have ever dreamed of having a 'creampie' post-surgery, this will give you something very similar in effect until you can finally actually experience it.
and if you want an accurate image for the neutral higher force, there is none better than matt groening's cluster i stars in futurama that bender converses with.
and it dawned on me, just as i was mentally planning a trip to portland, that i actually cant gobecause theres a good chance thatll i pass out in the middle of the street from all the cuteness.
and it took a lot to get us from perverted doctors 'prescribing' whoring us out with the law turning a blind eye during the 1800s, to the equal rights protests we continue to march in today!
and it'll be months before your body's actually found
and leading sociologists, and people who've studied sex and gender as social constructs (yes, sex. intersex people exist) say otherwise.
and masculinity (not maleness) is still unidirectionally privileged. thats why frat boys are four times as likely to rape despite camabs and cafabs carrying equal rape risk.
and my dad, like my husband, was a total archie bunker. he hated posers, he had no patience for dishonesty and there were just a handful of people that made him smile. one of those people was joan rivers.
and so, with both the dedication and the mental balance of captain ahab chasing moby dick, i began my great hunt. the following day, i began pursuing a gorgeous girl i'll call artemis, after the greek goddess of virginity.
and sometimes i notice curves that make me feel a little more like the fat woman i wished to become since i was much younger.
and sorry if i sound mean, but seriously? what the fuck?!!! ok, let's break it down: is asexuality something that actively harms others? does asexuality in itself is harmful? no? them how about leaving people alone?
and then i went to feed my cats...and that was about fifteen minutes later, and then that thought came back-....i had- the thou- the image from what i saw in the mirror came back to me, and i thought- and then i was like, 'yeah, i look pretty good, and i- and i can accept this, i can get used to this,' and then i- and then i just felt confident.
and then eventually i realised that trolls are people, and i started find-- and especially after i identified myself as a female soul trapped in this male body, and a lesbian transwoman from that? i def-- i definitely was able to turn my self-esteem  around from that, but uh, i still need improvements here and there.
and then everyone stood around for a bit, chit-chatting about breastfeeding and who knows what else, waiting for the truck to arrive.
and they didn't learn fast. their literacy was not up to absorbing culture rapidly.&&newline<kevin> they've been very happily down amongst the bong-bong trees, you know, dancing up and down amongst the bong-bong trees, and the highest level of their interest and so forth was their own back yard.
and they had elected a fella by the name of xenu, could be spelled x-e-n-u, to the supreme roolah, and they were about to unelect him, and he took the last moments he had in office to really goof the floof.
and this is why the animated series/hamill joker sucks...what a little bitch. garbage..?
and those trolls trying to get me to kill myself and my ex girlfriend think i'm too radical [...] you win trolls, here's your meltdown. not going to kill myself, so this is what you're getting. have fun, jack off to it for awhile, and move the fuck on because really what you're doing is pathetic
and waste my seed on a common harlot? not likely. when the time is right a maiden will be delivered to me. probably from the east.
and what i do know is that jobhaver has a good head on her shoulders and has a pretty realistic take on what it means to be a trans woman in this world.
and what connection does the use of artificial sweeteners have upon brain? hmm? was there autism before nutrasweet, i wonder.
and what has this ignorance of the spirit and reliance on mest wrought? computers, heralded as 'amazing' but only capable of popping up an address book, phone number, mail order catalog, or the newest pornographic site to restimulate and fixate the attention of users.
and what's wrong with the word whilst. who made you the boss of words.
and when i get out i'm comin back with a piece
and yeah i pretended to be a girl, so what? none of you fucks have sucked a dick long enough for money to come spewing out? i highly fucking doubt that one. you know? i had to pay for my monthly avatars somehow. ca monthly cash isn't that good. it's really not a big deal. i'm sure you've sucked some bungus for some ryans cokes before.
and yes, i think theres significant correlation between closeted trans lesbianism and self-loathing and paralysis as one tries to relate to other womyn. i saw how alpha males related to womyn and i knew i didnt want anything like that, and then id read shit like this dissing nice guys or peggy drexlers article about how men shouldnt cry, and id feel like snivelling scum.
and yes, if people are ok with gay marriage, then they cannot say that incest is fucked up, when homosexuality(and transgenders for that mater) is fucked up too. homosexuality & transgenders are shown on tv, movies, etc, as well, so they pander to a bigger, wider demographic.?
and yes, that last dude is using a photo of a young josef stalin as his avatar. you know, the russian dictator whose actual non-fictional not-a-joke stalin body count added up to something close to 20 million.
and you haters who continue to offer nothing positively contributional, i tell you all: to the left and far well behind me in the distant past with you and your cruel ways!
androids exhibit the same physical sexual dimorphism of humans and enjoy sexual intercourse, though they cannot reproduce through it.[6]
angel investor in lots of bitcoin startups including http://blockchain.info , luxstack, bitpay, kraken, purse.io, and more! also very interested in voluntaryism
animal farm in many ways was one of the scariest dystopias written for the way it allegorized the evils of government in the form of pigs, horses, and birds.
anime communists: lenin (with bust of marx) and trotsky (with hammer and sickle made out of magical blood)!
anonymous bribery to politicians using bitcoin. when this becomes commonplace, the votes of women (who are rarely wealthy or smart enough to use bitcoin) will matter less and less.
another cisbian jealous thay her biopussy is fishy, crusty and looks like beef compared to flawless clean transwomen pussys. cry about it, i use lesbian tears as lube.
another friend is pregnant&&newline<kevin> there is something in the water. i am only drinking tea for a while then
another friend is pregnant&&newline<kevinthere is something in the water. i am only drinking tea for a while then
another question type i'd like to answer privately, but here for convenience: yes i'm trans and nonbinary, yes i'm a minor, yes i'm neurodivergent, yes i'm otherkin and fictionkin, no i'm not kin with stevonnie, yes i'm a system. if you want to ask something that's not here, please ask off anon!!!
anti-power. destroy the knowledges of the comprehensible and embrace the unknowns of the incomprehensible
anti-feminist, anti-sjw, pro-gg. mostly just here to follow. pretty uneducated. feel free to try. ace.
any female feedees looking to chat? my kik is unreadchief id love to tease you for geting fat and tell you what id stuff in you to make you fat
any ideas what specific spices gives the taco bell ground beef the pzazz? i have the cumin and paprika and everything else but i think i'm missing something key. allspice or cloves maybe?
any industry that still has unions has potential energy that could be released by startups.
any man who reproduces with a single mom will have a child that contains dna from the bastard spawn, which of course includes dna from the absentee father. this means that men can be genetically cuckolded without being traditionally cuckolded, and that having a baby with a single mom is essentially giving the father of her first child a bonus prize in the game of evolution.
any time you criticize capitalism because it wasn't successful in the past and present i want you to think about how much time, money effort and lives the eastern world wasted to make sure that capitalism failed.
any trans woman is better woman than u are u fucking deserve to be raped! u can go kille yourself bitch
any woman that claims that the uterus belongs to her is mistaken. it belongs to the human being living within it.
anybody telling you otherwise is not only trapping you on this planet, he is also trying to destroy it.
anyone got ideas as to why jj used a panning helicopter shot for the very last shot of the movie? i've got theories but they are dumb. one being that he put a deliberately jarring shot to remind the audience that they just watched a movie and attempted to ground them back into reality before the credits rolled.
anyone know a good pinto bean recipe? i love the kind kfc makes with the little pieces of hot pepper in it.
anyone participating in white selfie tuesday, please be careful
anyone who has watched king of the hill regularly, surely has noticed that even though there were comedic aspects added w/ his theories, almost all of dale gribble's conspiracies had a lotof truth in them. he even spoke of foia, the military industrial complex & the tri-lateral commision, while hunting with his son. dale always ended up being right when it came to the workings of the gov't.
anything you need that's what i deal
anytime i can use a futurama reference in my professional social media posts, it makes me very happy.
anyway, i had something done to me that is radical, that i did for my lesbian soul! i got a new piercing on my taint on monday the 15th. about where my clitoris would be if i was a woman! it is a short, steel straight piece with steel spheres, of which i refer to them as my un-clit. i am tending to its cleaning personally in daily baths or showers, as well as cleaning the area with rubbing alcohol twice daily.
anyway, one post-op transgender friend has always had one disappointment.  she thought that social life and sex life would get better as a female.  it did not happen.  instead, she has found that 'made' females were not always desired by genetic males.  i have somewhat lost track of this person, as she moved away.  the lesson is to act carefully.
anyway, yes, this is born christopher, changed to christine, chris-,  changed to christian, going by christine now, female soul trapped in  this male body. transitioning very well. [pause]
apart from maintaining social conventions in certain situations and obtaining cheap sugar calories, there is absolutely no reason to eat grains.
aporagender - a gender separate from man/boy, woman/girl, and anything in between while still having a gendered feeling.
apparently i speak bosnian. but i was only speaking serb.
applegate organic bacon is my all-time favorite bacon  so much so that i get nervous when there are shortages and my store doesnt have any in stock (if anyone saw me buying 5 packs to stock my freezer last week its because ive got to get it when i can)!
arab political culture is based on a high degree of social stratification, very much like that of the defunct soviet union and very much unlike the upwardly mobile, meritocratic, democratic united states.
arachnophobia isnt anyones fault and neither is homophobia, get your head out of your ass
arciifer / 17 / fursuiter / doodler / fe:awakening nerd hello all, i'm arciifer the pygmy goat, and welcome to my blog! i'm a male fursuiter who loves animals, art, and fursuiting!   i post quite a hodge-podge of things!
are you jewish?&&newline<kevin> should that matter to you? whether or not i am christian, jewish, or agnostic/atheist?actually, to be honest, i might consider judaism, i hope to find a synagogue accepting of lgbt people someday
are any other dragons up for some casual friendly chat or role play of their kinself on kik? id love to meet new folks and add new dragons to the current dragon chats.
are furries problematic? as long as it isnt a sex thing its just people who want to dress up in mascot costumes, its better then lots of things tbh
are programmers in the bay area the new working class?
are there any abdl's out there that enjoy baby things like pacifiers, diapers, etc. but not do anything little like watch children's shows, coloring, or playing with toys or anything like that? just curious.
are there nerds here tonight? neeeeerds???
are you a guy or girl? i'm a guy and 6'2 at 145 lbs.
are you actually specifically sexually attracted to what anatomy someone has? sorry if that sounds confrontational i'm just asking because genitals/secondary sex characteristics play absolutely no role in my sexuality, so it seems really strange to me!
are you aware of the vidalia/onion naming? there is actually a specific vidalia onion. it's said to be unusually sweet and is georgia's official state vegetable.
are you defending a man who funds antifa a group many have called to be labeled as a terrorist group?
are you equating queer male sexuality with anal penetration? that's hella not classy, bro.
are you female? do you believe in the rights of men and boys? are you proud of your tits? are you interested in being part of a viral campaign that might get huge?
are you guys going to be good piggies today and eat a lot for me?
are you guys polyamorous? because i think you and your bf are suuuuuuuuper sexy :3
are you on drugs- the arabs are the one continuously attacking the jews. look up the 6 day war. you cant call israel the agressor for defending itself from thousands of rockets fired at it. saudi arabia is not the new israel - saudi is an apartheid state- israel isnt. why don't you tell the truth that iran and saudis are fighting over sunni vs shiite dominance in the middle east.
are you saying a communist leader who killed thousand was right?
are you the girl who does the hilarious draws of pugs and has blog?
ariana grande, ending white cis-het misogynists one at a time
aro ace - i don't get distracted from school/work/hobbies by being in a relationship or oogling over any female that walks by or any crush i have.....i have too many other/better things to do!
aroace here. sex and romance are kind of (sometimes) what's involved in making babies. all three are gross. i'll pass.
aromantic and asexual people still suffered during the aids crisis they just also had to deal with you people erasing them too
art is often a way to process trauma, and terf harassment is definitely a trauma in my life. i was working on a sexually explicit short film about a terf harassing and tricking/forcing a trans woman into having sex with her. it was intended to be depicted in a very complicated, trigger-warning, cathartic processing of trauma kind of way. for other reasons i don't think i'll ever make it, but yes, that's the grain truth that post was based on.
as broniest4life mentioned,
as i said, it's your conscience that must stop you from doing wrong...that's what god put it there to do!
as i've said: i feel legitimately bad for *actual* cucks. it's a perfectly cromulent kink, some iffy racial undertones aside.
as a black male christian, whose four closest friends are an afghani muslim doctor; a feminist jewish woman; a talented gay jewish male; and an incredibly smart, blonde female atheist, i have nothing but respect for diversity and appreciate it greatly.
as a christian, i can say that by actual definition, all religions are cults. the word just gets used in negative connotation often.
as a christian, i find this video very disturbing.  how does the video embrace the values taught to us by our lord and savior, jesus christ?  glory to the lord, for he is good.?
as a christian, i have decided that being transgender is not a sin. but i think if i transitioned physically or socially, i will be sinning.
as a cuban american, nothing pisses me off more then people telling me that cuba and their healthcare system is better than the usa.
as a tomgirl, intersex of female soul with male body, and a tranny cross-dresser, i am in full support for human equal rights for everyone.
as a big fan of prepping, i'm a bit skeptical of putting so many 'eggs in one basket' so i won't have more than one freezer.
as a gamer, i've just realize how important socialism is after valve introduce their capitalistic paid mod system on their steam workshop.
as a genderfluid person, i'd like to see more representation of trans people in webcomics.
as a guy all i can add is the sawgrass mall. theres a stupid number of shops in there and i would imagine a large selection with good prices.. ladies am i wrong ? wait there's ladies on here !!!!!
as a heterosexual cisgendered man in a society that rewards me for these things, i realized i had a duty to share my story without shame.
as a history buff, i approve of selfie culture. we are the most visually documented generation of all time. when a person takes a selfie, theyre telling the future a story about a moment in time. their clothing, their makeup, their hairstyle, their accessories, their pose, their background environment even the weather on a particular day! every bit of that information tells a rich tale about our world.
as a lover of belle and sebastian, i was disappointed, though certainly not surprised. over their entire discography, a grand total of two people of color have graced their album artwork
as a nonbinary, i am forced to wear a formless, baggy grey smock at all times.&&newline<kevin> because i identify with womanhood on occasion, i am allowed to decorate it with one puffy sticker of my choosing.
as a result, i was the one they called at all hours of the day to talk to me about the problems in their lives, looking for me to make them feel better or at the very least listen. the older i got, the more i saw this as a distinct pattern in my life.
as a somewhat man (i honestly still feel like a child even though people tell me i'm not) i am sorry for our general assholeyness.
as a trans woman i know a lot about womanhood that cis women do not know. i know what its like to be a woman who was literally brainwashed into believing she was a man.
as a trans woman, there is almost no place online or irl i can go and not be made explicitly aware of the fact that i am other, alien, and hated.
as a woman who just recently received her m.a. in gender studies from ucla, a leading--if not the leading--feminist program in the united states, i can honestly say that you are an embarrassment to feminist thought. it is so sad that all of these people on tumblr look to women like you for their feminist ideals. very sad indeed.
as an analytical tech at diageo - i relentlessly tried to covince r & d chemists to make smirnoff ice taste more like zima! (they were not amused!)
as an aside a babyfur i played over xbox live with a few times tried to get me to go with her to furry fiesta. i took a very hard pass but always joke i should have gone as a personal growth exercise.
as an aside, it's pretty funny whenever i go to my uni's social sciences floor, because it's full of outright marxist analogies, slogans and even some anti-israel posters here and there. after doing a lot of reading on north korea and stalin's ussr, some of these are way too funny because they are so similar.
as an indigenous brown person, i am denied the right to utilize any not on my id indigenous name that i may choose for myself.
as catkin it makes me infuriated when people say they're an actual cat irl, and they're not catkin. like they just like cats a lot, then i'm like 'hun :)) i am a cat' so its just u g hh
as constructive and useful a post as ever. must i really point out the irony in you accusing israelis of dehumanizing palestinians?
as far as empires go, great britain was basically the most ideal there could have been.  they're a funny people, the british, very different from their continental neighbors.
as far as laziness goes, it's now been around 3 and a half years since i had any exercise. longer than that actually, but that's when i really started keeping track. i am so out of shape! walking up a flight of stairs leaves me breathing heavily. i can feel my thigh muscles start to feel rubbery after just a couple flights. and i'm completely out of breath when walking up a hill. i run out of energy pretty quickly. i think i can say i'm officia
as far as third-person pronouns go,  please use she, her, they, them, ze, hir. whatever pronouns, as long as its not those fucking male pronouns, like he, his, or him.
as for me, i don't care, words like retard, queer, redskin and so on are an integral part of my rich vocabulary. :)
as for your missing finger, there's a dr. at pitt that's come up with a way to completely regrow a missing finger part in just a few weeks!
as fun and innocent mr. bucket may have seemed as a child, it's kind of difficult not to notice the sexual innuendo as an adult. 'the first one to get their balls into mr. bucket wins'...it just doesn't seem quite right.
as humans prepare to jump our celestial ship to new planetary homes and beyond,
as if no-one would ever have a problem with uk-porn law style kinkshaming like harem anime is pathetic and disgusting. fetish anime ditto. hentai ditto. or straight up idiocy like osr people smell their own farts unless we told them to have a problem with it.
as it turns out, what women want more than anything is a man. a strong, solid, horny, masculine man who knows what he wants and is willing to go for it without hesitation or fear.
as long as i can remember, i've always had more female friends then male friends. as early as high school, i can remember looking at these girls (though they were often my peers), as little girls that needed to be nurtured and taken care of.
as long as a white foreman is there, they will prevent soil erosion; but the moment that a white foreman turns his back  boo! there goes the whole program.&&newline<kevin> and you finally get up to the point of where he's [native] supposed to take care of something, a lesson which has never been taught to the native of south africa.
as moral force makes journalism a calling for those who embrace it, the bloomberg way necessitates a respect for life, peace and harmony, education, family stability, social responsibility, transparency, free trade and free markets.
as much as american politics makes me want to throw up in mouth a little, and as much as it pains me to see so many americans misuse, abuse, and generally waste their freedom on trivial diversions and self-defeating comforts, it is still far, far, far better than the empty living death those poor people endure in north korea.
as portrayed in all their comercials, axe is for the straight man to help them get and keep their woman. now on the playstation network for free, download the new smooth jarvis theme where it further proves that axe is for the everyday straight man. and go pits-to-chest with the axe brand deoderants as well, availble in most retail stores.
as somebody who spent nearly nine years in a political roleplaying game, i do (grudgingly) admire the detail adf has gone into when building his nation. it's a shame a lot of the detail is useless for roleplay and the execution is horrible.
as someone who has been involved in that, calm thine fake tits, john, we don't give a flying fuck about you. we're more concerned about games getting arbitrarily censored by tumblrtards in localization offices these days.
as someone who has been involved in that, calm thine fake tits, john, we don't give a flying fuck about you. we're more concerned about games getting arbitrarily censored by tumblrtards in localization offices these days.&&newline<kevin> and since you have fuck all to do with that, we don't give a shit about a crazy tranny.&&newline<kevin> on that, i speak concerning gamergate.
as someone who's taken a course in information system design,
as someone who's taken a course in information system design, the new dropbox layout is horrible
as soon as the shit touched my tongue, i knew i had made a huge mistake.
as soon as you mention adult babies, they say, 'you're a paedophile.' but it couldn't be further from the truth. we don't want to be with children, we want to be the child. this is my relaxant. half an hour in a nappy and my stress is gone.
as the most articulate of the tg spectrum people i'm in contact with, i'd be curious to see what you think of rachel dolezal, since there are obvious parallels to her transracial identity transformation and tg.
as theorized, the alien brain has an instinctual connection not only to its nest of origin, but too every nest on the planet, hinting at the possibility of a shared biological consciousness. while this is certainly interesting, for now, we are simply happy to have pinpointed the planet's major alien nests.
as transsexuals, gender anarky negates social gender in an act of gender nihilism. transexual nihilism erases social gender, subjectively and objectively, and introduces a gender nihilism that obliterates and recreates.
as we reminisced about the past some how the conversation turned to grindr.  for those who don't know what that is, it is a gay mans pickup/dating app that list people based on filters you set and by location.  what he didn't know was that i use grindr as well (there is a tg section).  so he pulls up his grindr and because i am sitting right next to him, i pop up in the list first.
as well 19th century bourgeois feminists were only horrified by working class sex workers because sex work was easier and paid better than being a scullery maid, thus making it harder and more expensive to get domestic labor.  they set up caring courses (read: training and recruitment courses for domestic laborers) and crusaded against sex workers to make sure their supply of domestic labor was unthreatened.
as you can probably guess, this is not a recent trend in my life; ive been fucking hookers regularly for nearly a decade now. i fucked my first hooker on an overseas trip and was instantly sold. i fucked at least one per day for the remainder of the trip and came back home to a few plates that just did not compare. it was like coming home to a garage of 6 cylinder road cars after racing
as you know, one of my goals this year is to make some lasting, healthy changes to our diet. i started by going gluten-free in january, and i can tell such a difference already.
asexuality means a lack of sexual attraction to any gender, and nothing else. there are related terms to help discuss asexuality as an umbrella over a spectrum of experiences, but even with these terms, asexuality is not any sort of comment on sexual behavior. it is merely a description.
asexuals complain that sexuals are obsessed with sex while they themselves are obsessed with a lack of sex and are obsessed with who may have been asexual just as much as sexuals want to know who's having sex. its really quite amusing. it seems like these asexual speculation threads never die and crop up routinely enough. lol
ask me anything. still single and in need of love
assigned male is a web comic that follows the life of a trans child named stephie as she navigates cis-centered culture and fights for her rights.
at medpro healthcare staffing, we work smart, promote individual growth, and have fun while working as a team to deliver a valued service to our clients. this improves not only our lives, but the lives of the patients we serve.
at any given time, youll catch me with approximately 24 sticks of butter in my freezer. i could never make my granola or quickly fry up those eggs without it.
at first, he reportedly tried to slit his throat with the broken lens from a pair of sunglasses.[citation needed] he threw himself down the cement stairs adjacent to the hotel's smoking area, getting stuck in the railings halfway down.
at some level i'm just looking for more victims to turn into my marionettes.
at some schools, there are even manuals for sexual exploration that tell the men the permissions they need before they can start the rake's process.
at the end of the day cold war era right wing dictatorships were evil but at least they weren't overly ambitious and fucks with you mostly if you were political, communist regimes will fuck with you no matter what.
at this point i was beginning to feel a bit of pity for poor emily. she was as ignorant as they come. and then that pity turned to sexual excitement, as it always does.
at this point, i'm already annoyed because i don't like waiting or any form of excessive whiteness.
atheism embraced sjw's. now people roll their eyes and chuckle when you tell them you're an atheist. let that be lesson.
atomic bombings are uniquely american, which lets you neatly play the bad yankee card without having to unpack the fact that any country with an internet connection has some equally heinous shit in their past.
attempts to discredit beyoncÈ's feminism strike me as the worst kind of internecine bullshit.
attempts to prove e=mc≤ are futile because there is no mass-energy equivalence. but that has not stopped people, including liberals who avoid the bible, from insisting that they have cleverly developed a 'proof' of e=mc≤, and thereby established a mass-energy equivalence which, in fact, does not exist.
attention humans: i do not smell bad. i smell neutral. or maybe good. i currently use axe products but i dunno hoo pooerful they are.
aughhgh hh. i'm hyenakin. and it can be frustrating. there's hardly any other hyenas out there, and aside from vulture culture, i find it hard to express my kinself. also there's the urge to chew up shit. this is frustrating. fml tbh.
australians have a right to br racist. they are? very tolerant of large scale immigration that they pay hi taxes for and many of these immigrants are undesirable
author of lord of the dance, a book about life in india with the late sri sathya sai baba and the sacred sex rites of ishtar: shamanic sexual healing and sex magic.
autism is my operating system, basically. everything that i do, everything i am, every thought that runs through my mind, everything i hold dear and everything i believe, is due at least in part to the fact that i am autistic. and i am so very proud of this fact.
autistic people are the signalers that we have wounded. that's why we can't abort or prevent them. art is our dreamtime. we have to listen to artists. learn the lesson of art history: that we are spiraling out of control. there are signalers everywhere. prophets have come and gone without notice, and without knowing. tibetan buddhists have been carrying on our traditions without knowing their meaning.
avocado butter
avoid this place.  unless you like supporting discrimination against guys with backpacks.
away & shite. calling someone a paedophile without any proof is scummy. it's not illegal in this country to be a creepy old man who fucks 16 year old girls so whether you find it morally abhorrent or not doesn't really seem to matter unless you plan on campaigning to raise the age of consent?
awesome sloppy joe epiphany&&newline<kevin> adults and kids will clamor for more, and some may even have their own epiphany that the sloppy joe is indeed one of americas finest contributions to the culinary world.
awesome pics. great size. look thick. solid. tight. keep us all posted on your continued progress with any new progress pics or vid clips. show us what you got man. wanna see how freakin' huge, solid, thick and tight you can get. thanks for the motivation.
awesome. i'm going to continue eating raw eggs then. and just, avoid chicken because i sknt lie, it that much and there's been a spate of bad chicken doing bad chicken things lately.
aww so cute, you left wing people, the same people that agree with what isis are doing and have absolutely no idea what common sense is :')
aziz ansari is not funny and i am disappointed :(
bad girl!! you belong in diapers. i hope you wet your pants. you can no longer be trusted. you have become one of them. i'm soo disappointed in you. go buy? some diapers now.
ban me for saying nigga, twitter. we'll show the world another liberal double standard. (i am saying the nigga with an 'a' on the end, fyi.)
bbq - carolina style. gtfo with your texas ketchupy slop. memphis can hang but only on thursdays and not past 2am.
bds does not care about palestinian lives.&&newline<kevin> bds only hates jewish ones.
be a girl if thats how you feel, be a boy if thats how you feel, be none or both if thats how you feel
be forewarned: if you allow it at all, don't let your children to watch the olympics without supervision.
berniebots get the fuck out you goddamn cuckolds!!!!! no fucking warnings and no fucking exceptions!!!
better stop picking on amanda. im not asking, im demanding it. or else.
big grrrls run the world: an interview with lizzo, rapper on the rise
black lives matter | cel/star | demisexual | trans | poly | bubbro | dating @witchprlncess and @piantiet
black people arent copying you, learn your own history and let black people continue what we always do:
btw i am telling you the moon is a hologram. understand that i care less than nothing for your 'opinion' or recollection's from a science book dummies
btw a little yaoi warning: if you don't like homosexual relationships or gay people period, don't comment, flame/spam, and look at this journal!!!
btw, i've never looked up benefits available for rape victims until you specifically said there were none. holy cow there are all kinds that i didn't even bother to throw in here.
babies even wetter i don't think i'm soaked i think i'm super soaked an extremely happy
baby is going to cry real real hard if someone doesn't pay attention to him
baby just went out to get a dilly bar and he's got a poopy wet diaper he just realized he stinks i stink  baby needs a good baby please
baby made boom boom in his diaper can i get a good baby?
baby's got up poopy butt i put a log in my diaper now i'm going to go sit down and smash it
baby's got up poopy butt i put a log in my diaper now i'm going to go sit down and smash it. i smashed it good and then i went pipi. now i am horny and i want my mommy.
back in my real world, im kevina straight and very masculine guy, a  single bachelor in townand women are attracted to me. i have two kids,  four jobs, and a stressful life. i put these on, and im coco. nobody  knows me. its a true vacation because youre not yourselfyoure  somebody else now.
bacon milkshake: add four slices of bacon and a bacon straw to a milkshake, an additional $1
bacony chipotle, cultured cashew spread, vegan, cheese
bacons trending. bacon is something that everybody wants.
bad diets are sexy
baeddels are trans women abused by other trans women, who are then conditioned to abuse even more young isolated trans women into joining their ideology. their hate for cafab trans people goes way beyond holding them accountable, and is just another abuse tactic to keep young trans girls from positively interacting with anyone outside of the cult. its disgusting.
bah, python is for girls anyway. everybody knows that perl is the language of true men.
baked beans on toast is a staple of the working class diet in britain (and other countries): its cheap, nutritious, tastes good and takes about 5 minutes to make. it was famously the only thing people could eat during the miners strike in the 80s but fucking pig-ignorant yanks on here like to snidely dismiss it as hipster food. how about youse keep your unwanted opinions to your fucking selves?
banastre lanistus is totally a good fantasy-character name >:(
banastre lanistus is a perfectly good royal-type name!!
bang-bang rimbombo
bar by bar, i lined it up. i got my thumbnail in to each one, even my teeth. nice and soft. beautiful gold. eighteen lovely fifty-pound bars of it! it lay there glowing.&&newline<kevin> suddenly, i could not bear to part with any of it! i would find other means of financing my trip! reverently i put it all away.
barack obama is cool. hillary clinton, who will probably win the democratic partys nomination to run for president, is not. on the other side  well, its hard to be a republican and be cool, its almost an oxymoron, but john mccain is cool. and, of course, bob dole. very cool. hence the viagra ads.
basically - if you want to not have your penis atrophy a bit, you have to induce erections.
basically it's like shin megami tensei iv, unregulated capitalism is the chaos ending, socialism is the law ending, and social democracy is the neutral/human ending.
basically this bullshit is fucked and simon bolivar was right to look back on his life's work and despair. imo a good dose of western imperialism would really spruce the place up because we are pathologically incapable of organizing anything more complex than an asado.
basically, i'm a nerd, and i love learning stuff and sharing that learning with other people. this, of course, means i ought to be burned at the stake for moloch, according to neo-canaanite social justice warriors.
basically, gender as it exists in much of the world due to capitalist imperialism is a means of exploiting half the world population by forcing everyone into two rigid social classes, one of which (men) exploits the other (women).
be a great ally to fat folks by getting neutral about food
be aware that an entire house solar system will be tied to the grid and will be vulnerable to the effects of an emp, should that ever occur.
be proud of what you were given, you have taken the time to take care of it. personally there is nothing wrong with the pics you have posted, if you want to do nude it is because you are very accepting of your body. one day a mistress will come along and will find no fault in your thoughts.
be secretive. diaper lovers and teen babies are a huge group that is still on the sidelines and not 'in the open' yet. many people misunderstand the feelings diaper lovers have.
because being trans has opened up my mind more than i could ever do without it. i also get to experience all the things that cis women take for granted. i also like my penis and i think wanting to be cis is cissexist.
because cancer is a blessing, perhaps? it is an opportunity to suffer with christ. in some cases, cancer may also impair mental faculties, which gives a period of time before death where one is capable of making a valid confession, yet incapable of committing further sins.
because it is transcendental, i call it a trans number. as opposed to cis numbers, which i suppose would include rationals and non-transcendental irrationals such as the square root of 2.
because lingerie looks better when it doesnt quite fit
because that is what mrs. paul's thinks matters to parents - that their kids have whole fish in their freaking fish sticks. yeah, when the government owns 30% of our national wealth, we're about to lose 50% of doctors when government health care is jammed down out throats, but the fish sticks are made from whole fish! yay!
because the beauty of the poc otherkin demigirl must not perish from the earth.
because the people in power at sa are bothans. zoe quinn was a goon, and one who is 'connected' in the inner circle. fun fact: srs/ghazi was founded by goons. look into weird twitter.
because they discriminate against guys with backpacks and because they are overpriced and because the women who buy clothes there look bad in their outfits and would look a lot better if they purchased newer clothes, more modern outfits, i will not shop there again.
because women, while having vastly inferior intelligence, don't tend to be as fucked up as men when it comes to sex.
become a member of sites like bright desire, which showcases porn made by real couples, or oactually (currently in beta), which is geared towards creating more female-friendly porn. go to dan savages hump! festival, which showcases amateur porn made by real people. i cant think of a sexier kind of activism than that!
before i get started, a little backstory: because i live in the middle of the very large and crowded city of philadelphia, my house only comes with enough room to park one car. so i park my skyline at a storage facility 20 minutes away in upscale suburban new jersey, and i park my hummer in a surface lot in west philadelphia where i silently hope it will be stolen by those guys who beat up the fresh prince.
before i moved to 'the hood' in san diego i was basically terrified of being called a racist. after being jumped and robbed multiple times, never by whites, i don't mind being called a racist. i attribute the violence of some non-whites toward me as part of their tribal nature, which seems alien and strange to me, because i don't really belong to any tribe.
before i moved to 'the hood' in vancouver, ohio i was basically terrified of being called a racist. after being jumped and robbed multiple times, never by whites, i don't mind being called a racist. i attribute the violence of some non-whites toward me as part of their tribal nature, which seems alien and strange to me, because i don't really belong to any tribe.
before trp, i was always super butt hurt at home. mom would give me shit about the most mundane things. and i, being the super beta boy i was, would mope around and brood about it all, blaming the world instead of my own shitty attitude.
before watching your show the only spices i used was salt and pepper. thank you doh much for opening my mind to all the wonderful spices out there.
before you laugh this off, let me firmly state that cruise ship employment is one of the most under-utilized paths to freedom out there.
beginning with agent orange in 1983, we have successfully guided clients through myriad regulatory, litigation and public relations challenges posed by those whose agenda is to grossly over regulate, extract settlements from, or otherwise damage the chemical manufacturing industry.
behold! muhammadthe false prophet. may his murderous followers know that i'm not afraid of them.
being japanese of course, it goes without saying that i love to cosplay and as such my wardrobe is usually adorned with school girl outfits and other impractical bizarre clothing from my favourite animes and games.
being otherkin is not a mental illness. saying that is like saying christianity is a mental illness.
being a demonkin, i kind of want a hellhoundkin for a pet. not in a sexual way, just in the 'i like you, i'll feed you and platonically love you if you comfort me and platonically love me back' kinda way
being able to enjoy non-sexual physical intimacy/touch is, in my opinion, one of the best things of being asexual. ^^
being able to walk around, tail vore some one, then rub my belly, mock them and finally turn them into boob fat would be awesome.
being agender in a relationship with a cis girl this is awesome! i am agender but i'm not genderfluid even if i switch between gender clothes, sometimes make-up. my girlfriend is bisexual and i'm pansexual but i see how this works and thanks for the awesome insight!
being an asexual radfem who is vocal about any of the issues concerning misogyny, gender and asexuality will definitely make people hate you from every side lol.
being called a racist, or more specifically being accused of racism, carries potentially huge personal secondary effects well beyond any similar effects caused by being hit with a racial/gender/etc slur. depending on the region it can carry more damage than an unprovable accusation of child molestation.
being kin with several extremely masculine looking 6'+ characters and being an androgynous presenting 5'6' trans man/nb in this life
being otherkin is cool. whether you feel a connection with being a star, an elf, an angel, demon, cat, dog, wolf, fox, flower, etc (the list goes on), what matters is that you are happy.
being straight and gay at the same time is being bi tho in a way???
being trans is punk on its own tbh
being trans/non-binary means many different things, and each thing holds significance to every trans person (used here to refer to non-binary people who are not trans, as well), and, these things also mean many things to cis people as a whole. through the vehicle of bigotry and privilege, transness in the eyes of the vast majority of cis people, is a perversion and a caricature of their existence, and this view is taught to almost everyone from
believe it or not, there's a boatload of sub-genres in dubstep, which is itself a sub-genre of drum & bass. you could go as far as to call these sub-sub-genres, or as i like to call them: sub-dubs.
bernie sanders die-hards evoke iranian leftists who rejected any compromise with the shah & paved the way for khomeini (who purged them)
bernie sanders is like a real life leslie knope. all he's trying to do is make this hell hole better but all of the pawneeins keep putting their faith in senator jam. why is america pawnee. why is trump actually senator jam. why.
bernie sanders is the candidate our generation wants  and it looks like he actually has a shot at winning
bernie gets it! this is a man capable of great leadership.
bernie is the president we need and deserve
berserk button: rainbow dash is fiercely protective of kevin, and reacts with fury when he brings up a highly offensive misandrist comment made to him months earlier.
besides, police is a pretty socialist concept.
best of all, no more gasoline purchases that subsidize bullets for the bad guys. driving fun and moral vanity in a subsidized lease. what more can you ask.
better ideas than kill all men as praxis: kill the class known as men. kill the maleness in people who are currently men by teaching them that the only thing that defines masculinity is whether or not you position yourself to benefit from the oppression of women
beyoncÈ just upset so many white bitches that can't sing along to this song without sounding stupid
big food is under attack from startup granola.
big dumps require big diapers!
bill clinton's ama from 1999 is a treasure trove of reaction gifs
birth certificates are just receipts for human beings.
bisexual and trans :) neither gender is getting any babies from me!
bitches like you dont matter to queens like me.
bitches love the blanco all covered in ink
bitches see them kids buyin' that's how i get ass
bitcoin is a core nugget of brilliantly simple, efficient engineering. everything will be built around bitcoin's core of immeasurably precious intrinsic value.
bitcoin is only of value where there is little or no trust. street donations would appear to fit rhis perfectly. as an example say i wanted to donate to a homeless guy but needed to be sure it went on shelter or food and not booze or drugs. so what i am thinking is a multisig with a 2 of 9 where the homeless dude has 1 key and a hostel or kitchen has 1 key. essentially this way the homeless guy can choose how and when to use his token.
blacking out the gendered terms in the part of my forensic science textbook that talks about dna and chromosomes lol im so annoyed its super not hard to substitute person for female and male or person with xx/xy chromosomes when you need to be more specific, and also those arent the only combinations of chromosomes that exist like come on people (scientists) get with it and stop being such irritating little shit
blah blah blah war crimes yeah it gets old. come the fuck on guys.
bngeegiumps s ae
boobs over belly buttons brilliantly shuts down body shaming
boobs, titties, breasts. everyone loves a great rack, especially a very large one. here are the pros and cons that befall well endowed women.
born with a dick
born too late to explort the earth, born too early to explore the galaxy, born just in time to become weeb trash
both games i'm considering are rather fetishy btw, but that's part of why i think they'd be fun to lp. not to mention both appeal to my yuri fetish, with didnapper also appealing to my bondage fetish. i also have a thing for bare midriffs, which both games also have, but bare midriffs are so common in works of fiction(and hell, even real life, especially among young people during warm weather) that it's not really notable when
both liberalism and conservatism can incorporate some of these insights. but both have an optimism that blinds them to inconvenient truths. the liberal sees that conservatives were foolish to imagine iraq remade as a democracy; the conservative sees that liberals were foolish to imagine europe remade as a post-national utopia with its borders open to the muslim world. but only the reactionary sees both.
bought 350 pounds of beans as an emergency storage solution, super cheap.
bought this bad for my wife to replace her diaper bag. i personally didn't think it would hold all the 'stuff' she felt she needed daily. i was wrong! small bag with tons of space! also great zipper opening to keep things organized and easy in one big opening.
boxers? briefs? none of the above.., i wear diapers!
boys belong in diapers!
boys: why toilet train them?
boys: proud to support the diaper industry!
boys genitals are very sensitive and are very easily stimulated. this applies to boys of all ages. while toddler boys dont understand their sexual feelings, they do recognize them and recognize them as being very pleasurable.
brain scans in people with clinical lycanthropy have suggested that their body image does indeed change. a persistently distorted brain-body map could certainly produce the feeling of being in the wrong body, and wouldnt be something to laugh at at all.
brands in africa: laying the foundations for sustainable business at the outset
bread cravings? don't know what to eat for lunch or snack? try these flax seed recipes for crackers! perfect for people starting a raw food diet
bringing samurai spirit and business acumen to kabuki
brown moses, thanks a ton for your awesome reporting/relaying-of-info and analysis on all this.
brownskin fat queen shit.
bruce wayne watched both of his parents die. tony stark has heart problems and anxiety. bruce banner attempted suicide. if they can save the world, you can get through this day. never stop fighting.
btw, trans women can say things like girl cock is the best cock because we dont have the social power to objectify ourselves
bulgarian lavender lotion, organic
bulk cheddar cheese, raw, white (random weight)
bullet-proof your house! build 6-foot book shelves along all exterior walls within your house and line them with phone books. they make the best bullet stops there is, and it makes you look like an intellectual.when people stop by. another option to do build these bookshelves alongside the front and back doors. itll give you something to duck behind when you have unwanted companywith guns.
bunny here - zi/zir/zirs pronouns, quoiromantic/pansexual glitch-bot. read my about and feel free to send me any kind of ask you want - if you're feeling brave enough, that is
burkett is apparently in love with the word 'vagina' and using it as a synecdoche for 'woman.' she is indignant that many trans people of all sorts have gotten tired of the play the vagina monologues, performed annually at colleges and women's centers all over the country since the late 1990s. yes, trans people critique performances that equate vaginas with womanhood--but not because we are antifeminist, as burkett frames us. it is because we t
burlesque is the kmart of stripping.&&newline<kevin> don't get up close and personal&&newline<kevin> don't actually show off 'the goods'&&newline<kevin> can't throw money at them(okay maybe you can huck 50¢ pieces at them)&&newline<kevin> there's no happy ending if you spend 100$ at a show
bush of course tried his coup on chavez(after reading this thread, i kinda wish he succeeded)
but i am feeling great detest towards the other two; sonichu and i are not of that nature at all!!!!! if you would like to make it up to me, though, please draw a strip of rosechu stripping for sonichu, and have him f*** her, and draw rosechu masturbating and squirtin' [emphasis added].
but i am happy you had wins on the purif, i went to pains to explain that i think the whole thing is generally beneficial.
but i fund my kinks by going to work, every fucking day, 9-to-5. and then some more with my side business. i have *earned* my way to be a motherfucking space dragon. if you guys want to shit yourselves 24/7, i'm all in as long as you pay a reasonable sum for doing that. for the low, low price of $29,420 per person a month, i'm ready to build you guys a padded asylum for what the fuckever need. i honestly don't care where the money comes from.
but i have josh, and i have made my promises to him, as he has mutually made his promises to me as well. and i had promised god and jesus. i had promised my true love, my virginity, the romance, even keeping our relationship based on more than just sex for him.
but i sat silent for a minute, then i said to him, i do not speek [sic] to any man other than myself, because they all have taken all the pretty girls leaving me with none. verbal combat had started, and during the fight, i ran off, still giving verbal punishment, as well as da finger, and many curse-ye-ha-me-has. i nearly backed up onto him with my car, and i gave him another finger. then i dashed off.
but parks and recs isnt a documentary, and knope doesnt exist and so we, as a nation, grit our teeth and make do with the lesser of the evils.
but before he does that, he accidentally wisheshimself a vagina, and hes taken aback by it, but one of the first things he does is masturbate withit, and have an amazing orgasm (girl orgasms, anybody?), and i found this part extremely hot andi never knew why.
but capitalism is existential horror. what really is the difference between azathoth and walmart in the end?
but god damn it i am going to get this done if i have to lock myself in my room cranking out all i can do.
but if at any point you were to take your head out of your own ass and go hey, who would a product like this benefit, that would be really cool.
but in any case, shit like that, i'd say, is not an islamic thing, but just north african culture being hideous garbage. when you get down to it, all three abrahamic religions preach practically the same shit, and you damn sure never hear about albanians or lebanese or emiratis stoning or raping anyone. at least i haven't.
but its important to realize, remember, and acknowledge that people change - one aspect of a person is their gender identity, another is their sexuality. we are infinitely complex creatures, and in a state of constant change. there is no reason - other than societal norms - to dictate that our gender and sexuality are aspects of our person that are set in stone, than cannot change and evolve over time.
but just as cruisy public toilets were demolished, boarded up or redesigned under the gaze of cctv cameras to protect the heteronormative family enjoyment of parks, our venues are the first to go under the hammer when more housing is needed to park the rich and their assets.
but no: i belief god the creator of heaven and earth is not omnipotent, but extremely powerful, but found his match, for the first time in history, against the nazis, his ultimate enemy, and is, in my opinon, the ultimate evil that ever crawled the earth.
but of course, this may be only some wishful transference on my part as i am transgender myself on a rather late transition and i am always wishing that every man in the world is also transgender and secretly wishes to transition so i am suspect to say anything.
but perhaps most interestingly, jessica jones is our first identifiably post-gamergate thriller.
but real talk, capitalism isn't ever going away, for real, so any possible good that can happen on earth, as opposed to like, the moon, has got to be within the context of capitalism. obama may not be the greatest man who ever lived, but he's legitimately one of the good guys, and that is what matters.
but seriously though - what are your thoughts on ex-muslims? should there be a certain amount of leniency granted to those who intimidate, threaten and/or murder them, on account of the fact that they are betraying their race by leaving the religion with which it is, according to you, synonymous?
but several people here are acting like they're somehow better human beings when they've no problem propping up or even saying some of the most hateful bullshit you could possibly say.
but that's not my main problem with the book. my main problem is that every instance quijote was fighting an imaginary monster-wizard-giant-whatever-he-can-come-up-with, i was thinking 'hmmm ... this would make a really awesome game'. my point is - this could be a really awesome spectacle, and not a mountain of text.
but the greatest problem we face is  that we must create our womanhood from the ground up. to make our transitions  work, we must try to become women, or the best facsimile we can create.
but the reason i think its related to being a trans woman, is that there was always just this desire to be close to womens bodies, so much so as to be inside them. tons of stories had the prey after being consumed, either through the mouth or the vagina or the butt, or even the urethra, both penile and vulval, went on to become part of the woman, like an entity living inside them.
but the thing with anti-otherkin is they never call christians or muslims or buddhists delusional. these spiritual beliefs arent torn down and insulted. so why the fuck to the insult spiritual otherkin?
but then the dreams started. i kept having this nightmare where it starts off awesome, i'm banging some coked out 19 year old starlet on a space yacht, but then the space-irs shows up with my wife, they use her cheekbones to cut through my hull and they tell me i'm going to jail for spaceship-fraud.
but there is a category of reader out there who can appreciate a book like atlas shrugged without slavering over its social darwinist vision.
but there is also the question as to whether or not god is asexual, but considering that god isn't really a human.... thing..... then one would just have had to ask him. but as we can't...... i think it's safe to say that he was
but this is another bit of evidence of the problem in our society: as far as i know, santiago hernandez did not hurt anyone. he just happens to be sexually attracted to small boys.
but this stuff here? stuff about turning into your tulpas or whatever, and this 'real life hud' crud? totally weird and creepy. and sex with your tulpa...? well, i don't like sex in the first place, so i'm kind of biased about that. but other than that i think it's stupid, how does that even work?
but trans women are female, lmao. why are genitals so important? are genitals the defining factor of relationships? are women controlled by their junk? why are you defining women by their genitals? are you saying that the only thing that makes a woman a woman is what's between her legs?
but we're friends here, so let's be honest: frozen cookie dough in our freezer means warm, gooey, fresh-baked cookies any time we want one. or three. (no judgement.)
but what does a white, fairly affluent, well supported probably straight and genderconforming and passing  trans women care. better throw your community under the bus to gain social capital with terfs
but who cares what men want. men will fetishize anything. they're dogs. sooner or later, they all howl.
but why worry for her body? must we also worry for the folks that smoke a pack a day, people who over-exercise to the point of exhaustion, skinny people who eat like crap? people's bodies are their own, and it's great because just like you don't owe anyone else your health, they don't owe it to you either. so much fatphobia is passed under the guise of 'caring about the health of others' that it's so fucking annoying to hear.
buttermilk really is like a secret ingredient when it comes to making baked goods from scratch. it is also key if you make your own ranch dressing. there is a significant taste difference to the dressing if you use buttermilk instead of milk. it just tastes better and fresher and adds a deeper, richer flavor than milk in many recipes.
buy white rice, like calrose. it is more shelf stable, faster to cook, cheaper, and tastes significantly better.
buying things made in sweatshops means making sweatshop workers richer than they would be as peasants, which makes their society more affluent, which raises the standard of living. that's a virtuous cycle and the result is that china's peasant class has climbed out of poverty in a very short time. so if you want to help the bangladeshi poor, buy the things they make regardless of the conditions they make it in. otherwise they won't be
by awarding more value to transgender people who pass as their gender, we send the message that somethings wrong with being trans.&&newline<kevin> that message is wrong
by reserving our judgement, by ending the knee-jerky reactions we have, and doxxing. those put together a kickstarter campaign.
by reserving our judgement, by ending the knee-jerky reactions we have, we will be able to find the truly good things about a sub-culture or movement like the bronies and welcome them with open arms while educating them on how equestria isnt all that far from the true values that founded our country after all.
by the way, i am an intersex trans man, and use the pronouns he/his/him or ze/zir/zim.
by the way, this fat fast thing is working. i lost 0.5% of my body fat in 36 hours (down to 21.7% now) of consuming only light cream, cream cheese, and multivitamins.
california roll amaranth salad
calling on all of the angelic ones to help us hold a light grid over the cove in japan and stop all dolphin slaughter.....thank you,..love to all,....holly kelley.....?
camab trans. nonbinary. lesbian. disabled. brainweird. white.
ceo. forum admin/seo/map edits/etc. executive monarchist, neomercantilist, social reactionary. #antiblock leader. shut-in. bad jokes. pro-whaling
cs lewis was a theological giant and contributed greatly to christian theology and understandings of god within the christian faith. he's a pretty big figure, come on dude.
cw: optional animal sacrifice
cafab demigirl * aviankin * multiple * xe/xyr *&&newline<kevin> aphobes will be blocked. terfs will be executed.
caitlyn jenner embodies courage and strength in her womanhood, you're just an embarrassing setback.
cajun quinoa cakes + lemon-dill-sriracha rÈmoulade
call a boy a gentleman and watch his shoulders straighten. call a girl a lady and watch her spirit turn graceful. humanity was brought into existence by god speaking words into the void of the universe. we tend to become what we are called.
call me ap0c. (pronounced 'ay-pawk'.) twitch: twitch.tv/ap0calypticassass1n
call me islamophobic, but i believe that a suicide bomber is 100x more likely to be of islam than any other religion. therefore, anytime i suspect someone of being msulim, i have the right to ask them if they intend to blow themselves up in my presence.
call people out on it every single time. make them think before they speak.
calorie restriction dieting doesnt work and thats fact&&newline<kevin> keep your delusions about that if you wish but dont expect those who prefer the truth to care.
cam girl, sub, little, kitten, bimbo, stupid whore. this is my porn blog.
came to see what a dulcimer was for a d&d character.
can instagram be used as a tool to track climate change?
can anybody tell me or better yet show me an article about why people think it was some uniquely unconscionable war crime that the usa dropped nuclear bombs on japan?
can i build a fallout shelter with concrete bricks wuth roof at least 2 metres down from the surface? do you think it will work? i live in a place that's 20 km from venice
can someone please explain the tech hate here and on reddit for tech workers? i moved here from toronto last april and according to reddit/sa i am the devil or have an inflated ego or something. i've never noticed tech workers being any more douchey than people in other cities -- it's just that theres more of them. plus, some of us chose seattle specifically because it wasn't san francisco.
can someone tell me what may day is and why seattle apparently riots?
can we just call the sjw movement what it is? a campaign to eliminate white, straight males - particularly their right to have sex.
can we talk about rape without being whorephobic? oh wait no because  radfems believe all sex work is rape so therefore all sex workers are  rapists and use that to criminalize and oppress sex workers.
can you ask if any japanese females would want to talk to an american male? i love talking to foreigners and have never had the chance to talk to a japanese person
can you please offer an actual factual, rational reason as to why your behaviour - which may i remind you is propped up by far more (transphobic, abusive) people than mine is - is acceptable, should be defended as your freedom, whereas mine is and should not? labelling someone's rants 'moronic' isn't an argument.
can you prove that biological sex in humans is a binary? i'd like to see a study. even if you go to a wikipedia, it's not stated anywhere that humans are either male or female, and that there are only 2 rigid sexes. each time i ask a transphobic essentialist to prove their bad science, they can't cite a single source. just so you know, your failure to respond will be taken as an admission of defeat. have fun.
can you prove you're not a pedophile by recording a video of yourself fucking an old lady? with sagging natural boobies the size of shriveled up watermelons?
can you the kin positive paragraph? i'm a amethyst gem/peaceful demonkin hybrid. i feel because i'm just a trickster and like pulling pranks in the forest, i'm not as valid.
can't really tell if this is white trash or police brutality. this is fucking hilarious up until someone gets shot to death.
can't say no to pussy that's how i'm weak
capitalism is why nobody like pinkie pie exists. fucking bourgeoisie.
capitalism makes everyone get along irrespective of ethnicity and the left hates that
capitalism saves the day again
capitalism will not survive the financial singularity created by nakamoto consensus because transparency is anathema to capitalism
capitalism! providing jobs as early as when person a was too lazy to give something directly to person b.
capsule has the same exact song what the heck?!?!? is this copyright?
care to explain how non-traumatic physical discipline is wrong?
carefully drain liquid into a separate container and reserve for another use (it's a great vegan seasoning sauce).
carol and therese may not be lesbians. neither of them state their sexuality. they're just women who like women. we never get their insight whether or not they have attraction for men. perhaps therese, but carol could be bi/pan for all we know. so there is nothing wrong with calling them queer stop trying to be so pc
carol is so boring
carthage was much like egypt at the time. a melting pot of cultures with people from around the mediterranean and from deep africa. my point is it isn't as simple as saying ' he is from carthage so he must be semetic.' my guess, especially based on his coinage illustration, he was of mixed ethnicity. no doubt he probably had semetic blood in him, but he probably had sub saharan roots as well.
casual reminder that making fun of mentally ill people with psychosis for our delusions/hallucinations/affect/way and speed of speaking/thinking/memory/etc is, in fact, very ableist.
cause its your taxes that pay for the water theyre using against you,. cmon,. its not even ignorance that allows you to think this is okay,. this is what revolutions are made of,.
caution: contents may be smelly! (works best with a yellow caution sign appearance)
celebrating my gain to 300 lbs. today by challenging myself to eat this meal. two medium hand tossed cheese pizzas, a two liter of coke, and two molten lava cakes, for a total of 4,800 calories! ive already eaten one pizza while posting this, think this fatty can eat it all?
certainly, i did not fall in love with kombucha because it is cute and cuddly. mention of the fermented tea often garners the same looks as when i tell people about the time i ate uncleaned pig intestine in laos.
challenge compulsory sexual thinking and amatonormativity in your daily lives, as we all try to unlearn problematic and heteronormative ideology.
change my diapers! bring a face mask!
change my view: minimum age of consent hurts the poor.
change your diet to avoid spicy foods. diet alone controls what you void and when you void. i have mentioned this on previous posts, but humans are chemically designed to digest fruit, berries, vegetables and fish. we have adapted to include fowl in our diet. however, red meat tends to retard the digestive processes. as a result, a diet that excludes red meat and spices is advised.
char aznable is a dreamboat. if i could fight any gundam pilot, it'd be him&&newline<kevin> i'd be a hero
charming cabin built in the 20's in the historical old gold mining town of berlin, currently known as skykomish.
check out r/iwantout, theyre good for this kind of thing. (i post there too).
check out this video. #omht     #food   #foodie   #health   #pdx
cheesy hash brown casserole (like cracker barrels!)
chicks used to be cool like that ladybiker. these days all i know are sluts with bad taste of music uuuhhuhuhuhhhhuhuhuhuhh
children are packed with personality. their caskets should be too!
children will be blessed for killing of educated adults who ignore 4 simultaneous days same earth rotation. practicing  evil  oneness upon earth of  quadrants. evil adult crime vs youth. supports lie of integration.
chill pope, the leader of 1.2 billion people, urges you to accept this weird-ass album as your spiritual genesis, your graceless way of saying yes.
china opened up its markets and exploded. the biggest movement of people out of poverty in the history of mankind.  when african investment starts happening on a large scale, we'll see similar explosive growth. you're just wrong, very very wrong.
choice cut of enby booty.&&newline<3
choose your rituals, but make them yours. if you want to look like a flower market ate fat betty draper and then barfed her up in the middle of a haunted forest (yeeeesss!), great choice. if you want to get married to a burrito while wearing a barrel with suspenders, im cool with it.
choosing a favorite radiohead song is like picking a favorite taqueria in california  close to impossible. one song that i think is so beautifully and perfectly crafted is kid a. the drums and bouncing basketballs percussion (as i always think of it) are so cool and flowing. its all about the breakdown though, and when the main beat and bass finally drop back in  perfection.
chris rock to me stays woke and even though he play well with others he still keeps it real as fuck about race.
chris actually manages to pass reasonably well as a woman ten years his senior in low-light situations.
chris here, agender, commenting with my roommate's profile, who is bigender: keep being you! a good person is defined by their compassion, conscoius, and empathy, not by their ability to fit into gender rolls.
christ reigns in such a way that the emperor who persecutes luther for the pope is forced to destroy the pope for luther
christian celibacy until married is what fucked him up. he should've been chasing in his teens when he and his peers were in their sexual peak.?
christian, church of christ preacher's kid (pk), and, when i indulge in age play, ak (around 3.5, sort of potty trained, but accident prone).
christian, conservative, republican, capitalist, bisexual. i'm against the lgbt-community, against feminism, against abortion. i'm a male. i'm handicap and i walk with a cane. any questions or hate can go into the ask box.
christianity is the study of knowingness. it increases ones knowingness, but if a man were totally aware of what was going on around him, he would find it relatively simple to handle any outnesses in that.
christmas blog! all year! 365 days! new posts every 3 minutes!
cis ally guide: why it's 'penis owner', not 'boy'
cis feminist art is a trip
cis gay people calling themselves queer' (¨_¨) stop it
cis people are not a problem. cisnormativity is. and cisnormativity is rooted in colonialism.
cisfeminism is&&newline<kevin> triggering my dysphoria over the way my hips developed through puberty because you need to manufacture a privilege that doesnt really exist.
clarity is a means of subjection, a quality both of official, taught language and of correct writing, two old mates of power; together they flow, together they flower, vertically, to impose an order.
clean like a princess - sing. dance. if possible, use your charms to enlist the help small woodland creatures. do whatever you need to do to make it fun. the secret to being charming is finding the joy in even the most monotonous of work.
clearly this is epic social media fail. but let's not forget. banks  don't steal house for fun. they take them back after trying to get  people to pay for 12 to 18 months. if you owe money, you owe money. if  you don't pay, you don't get to keep your house. it's very simple,  really. that said, it doesn't excuse boa's complete social media  cluelessness
clinton was one of the big names of the original 'video games make children into mass murderers who can't tell fantasy from reality' panic, plus she's a woman. she hasn't taken a stance on gg, but the sjws will try to vote her in regardless.&&newline<kevin> pro-gg, meanwhile, seems to prefer sanders.
coarse-textured and full-flavored, this lusty bread features our harvest grains blend, which lends it extra chew and nice crunch.
coca cola vase is, at its core, a bold exercise in juxtaposition. the contrast between the bright brash soft drinks logo and the demure han-dynasty ceramic is irresistibly subversive, deftly engaging with themes of iconoclasm, globalisation, and chinese cultural change in an assertive manner typical of ai weiwei.
cockbiter - instead of cocksucker (or sucking references in general like 'that sucks'), which makes the act of giving a blow job shameful. it's worth noting that the swear word is popularized by the web series red vs. blue, which has many of the same problems as south park.
cockblocking is the only offense flr which the death penalty ought to mandatory and of a variety of means from dissolving by hydrochloric acid, death by firing squad of fire, or a pill that makes you shit out every liquid in your body by every orifice in 30 seconds post ingesting of said poop capsule.
coconut aminos aren't just for those on a paleo diet
coconut oil ghee, grass-fed, organic
coconut oil is a staple everyone should have because of its long list of versatile benefits. i put it in my tea every morning, use it as a skin moisturizer, have used it as a hair treatment, as well as in cooking of course!
cold, silly, downright terrifying  at first i was unstirred by the allure of vr pornography. that was, until i met adrian
come for the anime, stay for the communism.
come on! all the boys are wearing diapers now!
come on! sandro clearly does not follow the hegemonic masculinity model and he wouldn't impose his domination on us. for all we know, we're experiencing a similar oppression due to sexism.
come to think of it, there is a combination of skyrim mods that could achieve that. the basic 'sexlab' mod suite coupled with 'realistic needs and diseases' which adds in scripts that demand you feed your character, and mods that can make your character gain weight from it. there is also 'sexlab realistic needs and disease' mod that adds sex as an activity and sexual fluids as a food source...basically you could feed your character an all cawk
come with me if you want to live. i live in shingetsu village, spokane valley washington. 26 years old. engaged to the beautiful and incredible shmorky.
commando chief
communist, anarchist, revolutionary feminist, gender nihilist, trapped in discourse hell. i'm actually the red scare personified. memes have ruined my life. (she/they)
communists are trash and kin to nazis you stupid bastard.
compare to mass effect, which has 618 exclusively f/f ficsout of 6595. thats less than 10 percent. and dragon age? well, thats 689 out of 11,851. five percent or so, barely. for six games over eight years with six queer lis for women, thats paltry in comparison.
complete, somalia-style state collapse and anarchy would literally be better than the present conflict in syria.
compulsory heterosexuality was coined by a terf so i would use heteropressure
concept: bi/pan/ace kids feeling safe and welcome in their community.
confession: i participated in a sleazy cancun wet t-shirt contest
confidry 24/7s are the most absorbent diaper ive come upon. i am a very heavy wetter at night, and they hold it all. this morning i awoke simply soaked and feared when i sat up on the side of the bed i would gush out all over. didnt happen. im sold!
conflict resolution  an important prepper skill
congratulations you have officially became the same as the fucking jackasses who want to make gay marriage illegal, want to discriminate based on someones gender, and try to murder, harass, and outright dehumanize people of noncis nonhetero orientations. i mean fuck. just stop being such fucking shitty human beings for one fucking moment in your life and actually let people do what they want to do. like what the fuck is ya'lls problem?
consciousness has achieved a sense of universal oneness and there is no me against you mentality which the 'dark buddhism' article on ligotti delves into. of course, there are some epistemic implications we arrive to when considering ligotti and hikawa's ideal worlds, but this is nothing inconceivable. it is entirely metaphysically possible...
consensual sadomasochism: how to talk about it and how to do it safely
consequently with equal justification one could set out a corn theory of value, arguing that corn has the unique power of creating more value than it costs. formally this would be identical to the labour theory of value.
content warning: ableist language, vague references to queer sex that are not universal to all queers, some sexual content.
contra some queer theorists, i argued that what is at stake in biopower is not the liberation of individual bodies into an orgiastic life of happiness and pleasure, but a life-ordering grid whose threat to 'life itself requires an erotic ethics of the other.
contrary to popular opinion, im not a fan of stalin. my ideological orientation is fundamentally based in the work of lenin, trotsky and sam marcy.
convert your bolivars and everything you own to bitcoin one day before leaving venezuela, then convert it back immediately after you arrive. this is by far the best way to bypass all of your government problems at the lowest possible risk.
cops have the right to use physical force to effect an arrest, playing the 'he started it' game is really fucking stupid.
cornstarch is a powdery substance made from (surprise!) corn and is used to thicken gravies and sauces. however, since the advent of genetically modifier organisms (gmos), almost all cornstarch is made from corn that has been genetically engineered (which to me is a bad science fiction version of food!).
could i somehow be male, but not a man? yes, i decided, i could. two years ago, at the age of 43, i chose a new name that reflected my values of peace (pax), nonviolence (ahimsa), and gender-neutrality (gethen, from the book the left hand of darkness). i requested the pronouns they/them/their. a few months later, i began testosterone therapy, and soon after had my sex legally changed to male.
could these apps solve americas huge food waste problem?
could we please stop advertising tampons and pads as 'feminine' hygine products? i know a bunch of trans-masculine and non-binary folks who'd be very thankful if we did so. and that's pretty cissexist too.
craft beer & significant others: one wife's journey in turning her beau into a beer geek
crazy (mental illness has all sorts of stigma attached)
creamy blended black beans and tender roasted veggies are spread on warm pizza crust and drizzled with vegan tahini nacho cheese to make this spicy and delicious vegan mexican pizza.
crusader cat was introduced to the furry fandom when he was seventeen, after discovering furry pornography. as a result, he became fiercely anti-furry, believing it was some sort of bestiality cult. at the age of twenty, after discovering and contacting other christian furries, he learned of the diversity of the fandom, and later concluded that being a furry didn't contradict his christian beliefs.
crush criminals. and by this i mean, of course, not 'white collar criminals' or 'inside traders' but violent street criminals  robbers, muggers, rapists, murderers. cops must be unleashed, and allowed to administer instant punishment, subject of course to liability when they are in error.
crystals for witches with borderline personality disorder
cuba would have been better off today by ignoring the ussr entirely and developing on their own.
cummies are like sjw bitcoins from what i understand.
cunt isnt a slur you fucking idiot
curious that the word 'socialism' appears exactly once in an article about national socialism. the authors seem incurious as to how bismarck's soft totalitarian welfare state laid the ground for the left-wing totalitarianism that followed in germany. given the number of references to piketty, maybe this shouldn't surprise.
current mood: useless lesbian
currently i am the only american shopping at the supermarket looking for food to help gain weight. the rest of my fellow morbidly obese americans are all trying to lose their fat. at least for me its not hard to find fattening food.
currently laying in bed rubbing my belly and trying not to explode. ive never felt so fat.
customer reviews
cute, black, and non binary what a perfect combination  (he/him they/them) #blackout
did somebody say futa!!! bazinga???
did is a multiple system sweetie. i literally have did.
do you or any of your asian dudebro sellouts know what the fuck #cancelcolbert cost me?
don't date women, they will just break your heart because they are greedy, vain, selfish, baby killing, man-hating whores. hated by the world, cursed by god.?
don't follow/email if you aren't camab
don't: blame yourself for things you like that are 'antifeminist'. blame patriarchy.
dont kinkshame. dont send people hate for having different kinks than you. dont tell people theyre disgusting for liking certain kinks. do. not. kinkshame.
dough created using extended fermentation (starter). lightly sour. no commercial yeast is used.
dad was white, but let me tell you, he and the negro men of that period were some sharp-dressed dudes. women weren't too bad either.
dad: *sees caitlyn jenner on tv* its not she its he &&newline<kevin> me: dont worry dad your generation will die soon :))
daddy dom to the most wonderful slave / lil abygirl in the world. also a diaper lover myself. diapered adult daddy (dad) ;)
damn straight! a nice lady boner hurts none.
dan | pony enthusiast | tracked tag: fluttershit mcbrony | hello yes i like to blog about animated magical talking lesbian ponies from a different universe
dave. 27. gay. canada. i have severe adhd and sometimes it shows. you're going to see a lot of funy things and maybe some naked guys. ye be warned.
dealing w/ hamas is like dealing w/ a crazy woman who's trying to kill u - u can only hold her wrists so long before you have to slap her
dear anonymous juche cargo cultist
dear loud neighbor, if you wake me up at midnight in the middle of the week, fucking your girlfriend so hard that i can hear every individual thrust, again, i'm going to start recording it on my phone. seriously, what the fuck. are you on pcp? i clock you at like 4 thrusts per second for minutes at a time. it sounds like you have one of those pneumatic fuck robots.
dear non-ace lgbt people, it doesn't matter who i'm with or what gender either of us are. i'm the 'a' in 'lgbtpqia'. stop pretending i'm invading lgbt spaces when i have every right to be there.
dear non-ace people, so asexuality isn't human nature? good, because i'm actually a time lord. i'd be worried if anything i did was human nature.
dear people whitewashing my words: i am not white. i am romani. i am neuroatypical, disabled, have mobility issues, and rely on donations from volunteers from a transphobic article posted and constant abuse from stalkers about me and that support is just about gone, i take a hit every time i'm critical of a popular white person's racism, clasism or ableism.
dear truscum and people that use the term 'special snowflake', people dont make up genders. they just describe what they are feeling and give it a name. its that simple.
decided to name this fella clancy! they are genderfluid and use he/she/they pronouns :^)
deconstructed vegan jumbalaya!
deep fried beer is a delicious treat, perfect as a sweet pudding or even a snack. how could it get any better than combining beer with deep-fried dough?
deep in the primordial reptile brain which every sentient person has, i had worked it all out already! because of a normal fear of erotic self-gratification, i had just not let myself know about it.
defeat truscum, take the word dysphoria back.
definitely bipolar ii, maybe autistic
demi-girl is the closest that i feel best describes me, and i use she/her and they/them pronouns :3
demiguy, 5'5', red hair, brown eyes, growing out a hella mohawk-horse mane kinda hairstyle. pear shaped but skinny overall, i love lotr, pokemon, world of warcraft, legend of zelda (particularly windwaker and twilight princess), animals/wildlife and the protection of both domestic and wild, responsible taxidermy, digital pet adoptable sites, visual arts, and looking to become either a 2d or 3d animator (haven't yet been able to dabble in either
demonkin scare the shit out of me because once a year i'll have a dream where a demon is trying to get me to agree to a deal, and i never remember the specifics of it. @demonkin pls tell your bro/sibling to leave me alone. thanks! though maybe it's a divinekin since i'm angelkin
denying that i am female is on par in my eyes of denying the holocaust.
design your ideal mate: the brain of christopher hitchens and the body of marge simpson
despite the extremely childish name, saturation of babies in the character list, and sinister pedophilic undertones, this cartoon is good. sit down, and i'll tell you why.
dharma lea dutch from maple hill creamery&&newline<kevin> there is no end to the amount of cheese at fancy food, but this really stood out to us. you might know maple hill creamery for their yogurt, but you really need to try their cheese.
diapers are a boy's best friend!
diapers, they do a boy good!
did i forget to mention that i have the ability to raise my body temperature to even higher levels than the sun?
did you know i am also adrogynous too that means i identify with both male and female genders, so i am transgendered and did you know i am crossplaying sakura haruno next month
did you go to school at all? because you sound like you've grown up in americas deep south where your parents are probably cousins and your school was a hole in the corner of the old barn out back. clearly 'reading' gives you absolutely no advantage in intelligence.
did you know that beloved comic strip character cathy is actually a trans woman? you can tell because she has fangs.
did you not know that i've successfully rendered my dick dysfunctional with imported irreversible antiandrogens?
did you notice that our price for hong kong maiden soya sauce 10 oz is among the lowest--if not the lowest--online? we planned it that way. you pay the same low price (and sometimes even less, with our online promotions) for hong kong maiden soya sauce 10 oz as the customers who visit our long island retail store. we think that's a fair policy. don't you?
didn't you admit to just being an asshole a while ago? why are you back to concern trolling now?
dido (the aeneid) is a lesbian.
dinner tasted good but for anything i create that is sausage shaped, it ended up looking like dog poo!!!
disabled queer trans chican@ cyborg and freak. i tweet about autism, kink, writing, horror and nerdy things. i'm not nice. they(pl)
disclaimer: i do low-carb nutrition and i support the consumption of fats, not wheat products. so there is that. many times, instead of adding a roux, i just let whatever it is cook down or use tapioca starch if i'm pressed for time.
disclosure review copy. took me awhile to figure out the combat and some other stuff. serious setting with silly characters. lots of waifus too!
disclosure: i received compensation from bisquick for recipe development purposes. all opinions are my own.
do i have any friends who are in to steam punk? shoot me a message!
do kids even enjoy watching adventure time anymore? only man children with liberal arts degrees?
do knives taste good? i see characters in movies eating them all the time. usually pirates.
do not forget that india is one of the very few countries where jews were never persecuted. israel is well loved by most.
do not use trans* with the asterisk. this was used as a way to silence trans women and non binary people. just use trans.
do you have any idea how long it takes to cum without porn? 15 minutes minimum id get arthritis.
do you just assume that you can get away with this shit? everyone who talksshit the way you do ends up in a pool of their own blood eventually. be careful bitch.
do you know how many bananas you can eat in one day?  if it's anywhere near 30 and you are doing banana island you could easily finish a 40 pound box in only a few days and you wouldn't have to worry about any of them going bad before you can finish them all.
do you know that pimple you saw? well, i popped it. were talking two guys buying x-rated movies and masturbating simultaneously in the same room with one being the husband and one being the wife, going through dean and deluca (a gourmet mail order catalog) catalogs as husband and wife and the bald-headed guy buying the other one cheese as a favor.
do you know who john green is? he wrote the fault in our stars. hes internet famous.
do you know why the nra started getting gung-ho about stand your ground? because overzealous prosecutors + the shitty media couldn't stop victim blaming understandably traumatized people that were forced to defend themselves.
do you like a eat hot dogs..?
do you not know that bread and paper are made from the same material? if you warm up some good paper and spread a bit of butter on it, it's just like the real deal.
do you ship billdip
do you want to know whats a strange feeling? having a platonic crush on someone. you go through all the same crap as with a romantic crush, trying to impress them, not wanting to seem over eager, wanting to talk to them all the time. the only difference is, instead of wanting to kiss them until they cant breathe, you want to rent all of the movies with them and have a sleep over. its rather disconcerting.
do yourself a favor and peddle your racist black supremacist garbage all the way back to africa, and while you're at it, why don't you thank the white man for granting you the ability to speak english, use a computer, have access to electricity, and live in a civilized society that, in comparison to the african primates, resembles a paradise.
does marx address how every attempt to implement a revolution according to his ideology has failed catastrophically? because that would be uncharacteristically prescient of him.
does passover celebrate the death of innocent egyptians?
does anybody know if it is possible to have any type of a greek state in this game? ( besides byzantium )&&newline<kevin> because i am soon to go back to greece and dissolve my american part of dual citizenship and join the greek air force, and as in this step i want to play as a greek state :d
does anyone know of a general single word that encompasses all non-cishethet identities other than queer?
does anyone know of any books about unschooling? not guidebooks, which are basically all i can find, but its history and application, maybe memoirs from unschooled people. i'd prefer something with a neutral look at it.
doesn't help matters that the doof behind homestuck has a massive ego that makes losers like tim buckley seem downright modest and the social skills of a horse's ass.
dogs need their vitamin b12 too, especially if your dog is on a plant-based diet. mix some nutritional yeast in your furry friends nibbles and he or she will benefit in a major way.
dom feeder. i love training my feedee to get into bad habits and get gradually get grossly fat. i especially relish the thought of ruining her figure and watching her body become softer, larger and flabby as a result of my manipulations.
don't follow me if yer a dude (trans or cis)
don't forget! adolf is his name, he's our eternal race, he has been given eternal life.
don't get too far ahead of yourself, though. humanity is still yet to recover in may ways; we have regressed politically, philosophically, culturally, and socially from classical greece.
don't go with an off-brand fleshlight. the original company still makes the best and the knock offs tend to have a higher lead content than is safe. i'd recommend one with a simulated vagina as the simulated rectums still don't feel right, but they're getting closer.
don't kink shame. for someone who doesn't want to be judged, you are very quick to do so.
don't sociopaths deserve love too?
don't worry, i hate women like everyone else! :3
donald trump is telling the truth and people don't always like that.&&newline<kevin> he is like george wallace, he told the truth. it is the same thing.
donald trump really bullied jeb bush out of the presidential race and no one even cares
dont want to see cartoon characters fucking? get of the fucking internet, degenerate.
dont welcome me to my own damn womanhood, it is for me to welcome you to my womanhood. stay for a spell and maybe youll learn a thing or two.
dont you dare lose that magic in your heart young sprite. dont ever stop running barefoot in the fields, climbing trees, reading old fairy stories, dont lost that childhood whimsy and innocence, and ease of belief! dont let yourself be so clouded in the mechanics and machinery that is every day life that you lose that wild spirit and wonderful wicked mischievousness. dont lose your spontaneity and sense of adventure. one day when
downloading anything for free - books, movies, music - that isn't in the public domain is illegal. your own conscience will keep you away from it. nothing i - or anyone else - can say will keep you from doing it. remember, when an author writes a story, he/she is making a living from his/her own imagination and skill. when you bypass right and download what you have no right to download for free, you actually harm someone else
dr. nerdlove dispenses love, sex and life advice for geeks, otaku, dweebs, poozers, nerds and the occasional neo-maxie-zoom-dweebie. making geeks sexier since 20011.
driving is not easy with my big #pregnant #belly and those massive #boobs ;-)
drown in the lake and get found in the creek blue in the face cement surroundin your feet
dry cat food my mom and dad had to hide it from me because i ate it when i was hungry
dude it's fucking reddit. you realize the average female poster is like a 2/10 feminazi supremist
due to blacks propensity to crime, there will always be more interaction between them and the law. this interaction generally wont work out in their favor.
due to different combinations of male and female attributes, people tend to naturally gravitate to using either yin or yang energy depending on their gender. however, 'gender' is a much broader array of attributes than most people realize.
duke definitely helps point you in the right direction with respect to the jews.  i read his book 'jewish supremacism' early on in my anti-semitic education career.  it really gives a good basic outline for what the jews are doing with the world.
during a stay in pittsburgh, i started to use womyn's rooms and pee sitting down and since last fall, i have demanded to be known by a gender neutral pronoun.
during my most recent dream, you were in it. you were alone in your apartment; i had just run in to see you. we talked for a bit, but then you and i, we made out, then got naked and lost our virgin ways to each other. it got soo goodly hot and wild, that i came in my sleep over you.
during the protests, a favorite tactic of the opposition was making anti-putin hashtags trend on twitter. today, waves of trolls and bots regularly promote pro-putin hashtags. what once was an exhilarating act of popular defiance now feels empty.
during this period the vagina injects up to 1/2 cup (100 ml) of the copulin fluid into the urethral opening at the tip of the penis, which is chemically attracted to semen, and will follow the semen down the shaft directly into the testicles.
dwarf fortress helped to teach me about the logic and philosophy behind societies. (self.dwarffortress)
eat whatever you want!!!!!!!!!!!! eat whatever junk food you want!!!!!!!!! go vegan!!!!!!! be vegetarian!!!!!! only eat meat if thats what makes you happy!!!!!!!!!!!!! food is good!!!!! food is fantastic!!!!!! food is the best thing in the whole world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! eat whatever makes you happy!!!!!!!!! fuck nutritional values eat three whole damn cakes in one day if thats what you please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ever look at your shit and think a dick that big could fit in your ass
every one of those people can be straightened out. every one of them should be.
each vampire can also mystically lick closed the wounds made by their fangs, thus concealing the evidence of their feeding.
earn a full time salary and start your life changing asian adventure (jakarta, bali, medan, surabaya)
eat my diapers!
eat my shorts!
eating healthier this year? soylent is the easiest nutritious meal in the galaxy.
economically viable synthetic meat cant get here soon enough.
edit: i'm starting to think of cum/semen/ejaculate as the power. we have it, they want it, once we cum in them... they've got it. think about it.
editor note: this article was heavily edited due to space requirements and content. the editor does not advocate prisons in which gay, queens, intersexed and transsexual inmates are placed at.
edward snowden should talk about cyberwar more often
eggs benedict, to stick with your vegan diet.
einkorn (natures original wheat)
either way, big hero 6 was not a bad film by any means, it just was nowhere near as intelligent, innovative, or entertaining as the lego movie.
eleanor roosevelt was a national treasure. her husband was one of the greatest of your presidents.
elfy...mommie will certainly be involved as i go through this process...doubt i can go through it on my own anyway.  as for hrt, that is still a ways away for me since mommie and i want to have a baby before i transition.
elimination communication (ec) is not potty training. it is a gentle, natural, non-coercive process by which a baby, preferably beginning in early infancy, learns with the loving assistance of parents and caregivers to communicate about and address his or her elimination needs. this practice makes conventional potty training unnecessary.
elon musk is probably our best hope yet for moving beyond fossil fuels
embrace the power of the dragon with this incredible weapon! the red dragon katana features dragon styling on the scabbard and tsuba. the handle is composed of imitation fish skin. in addition to its incredible design the sword also features a 28 inch blade.
emerging markets will either be at the bottom of your portfolio or the top. sometimes in the middle.
emu oil is highly penetrating. this ability to penetrate the stratum corneum barrier of the skin, brought about by the high levels of oleic acid. emu oil could be combined with various medicinals or cosmetic materials to take them beneath this barrier.
english editions coming soon my ass, i've been subbed to this literarly since the very day this came out, i was on canihazacheezburger when this was posted and i was one of the first to comment and like and sub, i've waited everyday of my life to understand those adorable lil japanese kittens in english =( alas my waiting continues
enlighten the people generally, and tyranny and oppressions of body and mind will vanish like evil spirits at the dawn of day.
ep! blue fang successfully stabs john using those claws of hers o_o;;; and john getting pretty angsty with his eyes slowly turning red, blue fang going to be in real trouble real soon *hides* o_o;;;;;
erika. 21. they/she. about. anti-power. destroy the knowledges of the comprehensible and embrace the unknowns of the incomprehensible. ask and introduce yourself before following. (no men)
essentially, as of 6 weeks ago, rosa labs was aware of a manufacturing process issue that caused visible mold growth in one in one thousand bottles of 2.0. that they were still selling the potentially-hazardous bottles is totally reasonable. most people will not end up with moldy soylent.
europe is fucked. its going to be superseded by islam in our lifetimes, and they deserve it for being so naive. the best part is that they're still in denial of it. good riddance, europe. at least muslims have a spine propping up their convictions instead of contrarian strawmen.
europe is under invasion and paris is the first city to fall under full attack. we in the u.s. are next and the quisling who has opened wide our gates to the invading horde is our very own president.
even hetero romo/sexual cis people can be queer. like im not trying to draw lines just can we stop erasing attractions that arent sexual or romantic. im gay as hell but im not homoromantic or homosexual like fuck off with this shit
even if they identify partially with/as women, or as gender fluent or the like, that still wouldn't mean that gay effeminate ftm are women.
even my own penis is offensive to me; i am glad i can tuck it far under me, so i don't have to look down at the bulge. glugh!! bad kinds of heebie-jeebies all over!
even toddlers are learning to code these days. that's actually a great thing for all of us.
evening everyone i'm still in my wet poopy diaper and just peed again who thinks i should change who thinks i should stay in it
every boyfriend i have ever had complained that i didn't initiate physical intimacy (kissing and so on) so it became kind of routine for me to awkwardly try to against my gut screaming 'no!!!'
every entrepreneur is haunted by the same ghost: mr. keynes.
every few months i try a new variety of olive, hoping to find one that doesn't make me gag. thus far, no luck. even particularly pungent olive oil make me feel queasy. any chance this might work with capers, my usual replacement for olives in recipes?
every generation has their version of why the earth is going to end, for real this time; is ours that different because a bunch of climatologists whose livelihood depends upon scaring people into funding them is the group harping about it?
every man is an island. i am the nation of hazysummersky. i also accept bitcoin.
every picture of tsar nicholas i see is like a punch in the gut.&&newline<kevin> his death and the death of his family was so tragic. truly undeserved for such a man. he is with his creator now. i like to think his spirit and the spirit of his family and ancestors watch over russia today, defending it against complete misfortune. god save the tsar!
every picture of tsar nicholas i see is like a punch in the gut. his death and the death of his family was so tragic. truly undeserved for such a man. he is with his creator now. i like to think his spirit and the spirit of his family and ancestors watch over russia today, defending it against complete misfortune. god save the tsar!
every science arises from the root systems of violent power in this world. thats where they all first came from. they were all populated at first by white cisgender straight non disabled men..
every single time i've played baseball i've been hit bad by the ball to the point that every time i hear the crack of a bat on a ball i tense up. even if it's just a bunch of kids playing in a park, i still get paranoid and look for the ball and expect it to be heading for me. baseball is my trigger.
every time you complain/mitch (unconjugated verb tense of male bitching) about my 'misandry' - trans menz, you are fucking guilty of this shit too - this is not exclusive of cis menz, plus both of you have male fucking privilege. deal with it dudes.
every time you harass me using the 'wrong' bathroom. forced to shit on a cairn of rocks under a highway bridge because of your sex-seg bathrooms that give two real options - get beat up or get yelled at.
every video i watch, every snippet i see and every interview i read about ellen pao induces a hatred i haven't felt for someone in a long time. it's not an implicit hatred like i would have for a murderer, psychopath or a bully. no, it's a lot more nuanced than that.
everybodys trans none of us falls neatly into the gender binary model.&&newline<kevin> most of us have a little bit of masculinity, a little bit of femininity.
everyone is manipulative sometimes and a lot of times manipulation is something that abuse victims learn to keep ourselves safe.
everyone knows that the u.s. government has grown in size, scope, and power during the past century, but how did this breathtaking transformation come about? crisis and leviathan offers a coherent, multi-causal explanation, guided by a novel analytical framework firmly grounded in historical evidence.
everyone who jerks it to anime porn increasingly stops desiring 3d partners as they discover 2d is infinitely superior in all ways.
excuse me, i am a commie hating, mostly conservative, pro-drug, pro-lgbt rights libertarian and i will not be mislabeled like this!
exercise, eat right, floss, and most importantly, internalize the scriptures each and every day!!! :)
experiment with different flours (crust doesn't always have to use wheat!), like quinoa. the nutty grain is a health superstar because it's easy to digest, and it's got a ton of protein.
expounding on my thoughts from the other day on some saying that killing hitler would be the greatest deed a time traveler could - i pose this question; what about taking out stalin?
f minus in toilet training! (works well if designed to look like a report card from school)
fact: transmen cant stay out in the rain for too long or they will melt. the melting process is slowed down if he is wearing something dapper.
fcg needs pants and hormones: the fundraiser
foreskin has 16 fun-ctions!
fuck
fuck your perpetuation of the 'bronies aren't really oppressed myth' you privileged fucks. i couldn't get a job because of my brony armband.
fun little bit of knowledge: we at sakkio used to refer to this process as 'pushing' the chicken - until a goofy man from the sarku/sakkio head office refered to it as 'massaging' the chicken. so i use the term 'massage' with a smirk and a tongue-in-cheek inside joke.
faggot is a great word, as are all words that effectively communicate an idea or emotion, and you'll pry it out of my hands the second you pry the occasional penis out of the other one.
fair point, so perhaps the people making incorrect legal points should stop? i didn't start this, and i'm trying to stop this. i explicitly asked what the incorrect person needed to stop posting.
fallout 3 is my favorite media of this young new century. very excited to play this one.
fallout 4 has a ton of junk, and it's stressing me out
families were so much closer years ago, and there were definitely differences between boys and girls when i was growing up. it seemed to me that girls' clothes and lifestyles were much more interesting...that's why i'm a sissy, and that's why i like cloth diapers. of course you can't get the old-fashioned rubber pants--at least not easily or affordably.
fan fiction is well-covered in literature, as far back as it was being written. the aneid? the divine comedy? paradise lost? all fanfiction that we now refer to as literature.
far from being a benign group of bombastic blowhards, the terf movement impacted the lives of every trans person in america for generations. theyve driven trans people to suicide, outed trans kids to their schools, outed trans adults to their employers, attempted to interfere with direct medical care their targets receive, and have proven that they will even work with anti-gay groups
farro is the oldest grain domesticated by humans (according to its packaging).
fascism is one of the key spices in any political system. we will always have something inside of us that demands better behavior from ourselves, our peers and our countrymen.
fascists, white supremacists, terfs, swerfs, capitalists, and tankies need to fuck off.
fasinated by pregnant bellies.love dressing up pretending to be pregnant myself.created my own fake preggo bump. and yes,i'm male !
fat selfies are a revolutionary act! b/c you never know who could be watching. be unafraid!
fat women do not solely take pictures of themselves in bikinis or lingerie in order to show off their confidence. they do it to show off their cute bodies and clothes. the same way that thin women do.
fatty feedee fupa stimulation via vibrator harness!
faux gras burger: peppered brandt beef, fattened chicken livers, granny smith apple and onion marmalade, white cheddar, onion strings, grainy mustard and arugula on a brioche bun, $12.95
feh, i've never murdered anyone and nicked their country, and the last time my ancestors did that was 1066
felicia-hime has been in a real foul-ass mood because of prop 8 in yaoifornia...so if you damned homophobes who think it's your damned business to tell me who i should fall in love with and decide to willingly ignore the aforementioned yaoi warning and flame anyhow, i'll flag those comments as spam and report you to staff! you have been warned!
female israeli soldiers don't need a slutty halloween costume. 'sexy' is their default setting. #redeye #idf #israel
female thor is what happens when progressive hand-wringing and misandry ruin a cherished artform.
female and male should stay biological terms and we should just use feminine and masculine and the other gender variant. since masculine and feminine are sociocultural terms it works.
female reproductive rights aren't just abortion or contraception. they're also prostate+testicular cancer screenings, ed treatments... #trans
females make up half of the population, but they control 100% of the vaginas. this vagina inequality is wrong. we need social ownership of the means of reproduction. there is no such thing as rape. rape is just a feminist construct. there is only fair and equal redistribution of pussy. i am the 50%.
females: i want equal rights.&&newline<kevin> females: you cant hit me im a female.
femguistic essay: genderbending, rule 63, and spectrum slide
femininity isn't a construct, women have estrogen which makes them less aggressive than men. testosterone contributes to physical strength and aggressiveness.
feminism has been just that since women were granted greater rights than men. (equal right to participate in government and do business, but without the duty to file for the draft or pay alimony.)
feminist author catharine mackinnon and her wrinkly, desiccated vagina once wrote that feminism is built on believing womens accounts of sexual use and abuse by men.&&newline<kevin> if so, feminism is built on a shaky house made of soft tampons.
feminists have had nothing real to campaign for for like 50 years, so any problem they tout they always have to make up. these formulated problems are always unsolvable (at least the way they go about them), for example the recent caus 'the misjustice all women aren't seen or represented the way i see all women!', can only be resolved by exterminating everyone you don't like.
femme on femme is important fat, queer art that gives us representations of fat queer femmes, including femmes of lots of gender presentations including genderqueerdo femmes, femmes of different abilities and racial diversity that is missing in a lot of media representations of queers. its also full of crystals, glitter, bondage, great outfits (shout out to size queen clothing), pizza tattoos, a queer porn star i recognized from trouble films,
fictionkin guide - characters have souls? and the difference between fake, and real?
filed under feminism radical transfeminism second-wave transfeminism bidirectional feminism
filipinxs
find the recipe for lemon pudding cookies on the imperial sugar website, where im a regular contributor.
first attempts at toliet-training fail as my father tries to force me to stand up and urinate -- first disgust and disdain complaints over my male genitals are aired and subsequently ignored by both parents. this further hinders further toilet-training efforts until spring 1989
first of all, i'm a brony, and i'm not one bit ashamed. second of all, i'm to the right of everyone here. i'm a theocrat and a theonomic positivist on a site that worships eighteenth century enlightenment rationalists like thomas jefferson. furthermore a couple weeks ago i met with a small group of fellow bronies who were all right wing fundamentalist chr*stians. you folks who think
first of all, i'm not a 'ma'am' you misgendering cishet shitbag. i'm an afab magigirl with purr/purrs/purrself pronouns. think before you fucking speak. second of all, do you really think i'm not capable of finding what i need by myself? that's literally ableism, you piece of shit. go die in a fire.
first, i never cook. i am all for self reliance but repeating the same labor over and over for the sake of existence is the realm of robots. i utilize soylent only at home and go out to eat when craving company or flavor. this eliminates a panoply of expensive tools and rotting ingredients i would need to spend an unconscionable amount of time sourcing, preparing, and cleaning.
first, the best model of gender is that male and female are endpoints in some kind of spectrum. how many genders does that make??? approximately 9 billion, the population of the planet!  i also don't think this spectrum is what differentiates us from apes...everything we know about the subject says that the issue of humanity is one of degree, not kind.
five things i learned after taking (almost) 365 feminist selfies
five ways i shake off body oppressive rhetoric during the new years resolution bandwagon
five years ago i was desperate to get on hormone replacement therapy and stop the steady encroachment of furriness onto my body and grow all the boobs instead.
flame112 mark driscoll's theology is solid its just that hes at the head of some corrupt practices in mars hill's leadership&&newline<flame112> :i
flame112 mark driscoll's theology is sound,
florida will become the 36th state to legally recognize same sex marriages. the states didn't 'recognize' squat. this is the work of a bunch of perverted, activist, feral 'judges'. the tyrants overrode the states and the will of the people.
flu season is here and it's time to get vaccinated! unfortunately, most influenza vaccines are not vegan, as they are made using chicken eggs. luckily, a vegan option is now available!
focus not only on women, but on men and non binary people as well. feminism is an equality movement, which means we need to uplift everyone. not just women.
follow me if you are divine / have divine delusions please.
food trend: scrambled eggs&&newline<kevin> forget poached or deviled  the new it egg is scrambled and served for dinner. bobby flays restaurant gato in new york, for example, serves scrambled eggs with almond romesco, boucheron cheese and tomato confit toast.
for everey toucan you dont grab with two hands and fuck like a squaking dandery fleshlight, im going to fuck three
for a boy who has already been declared toilet trained (allowing for the usual accidents) getting him to wear diapers will be a more difficult challenge. he will likely resist wearing diapers.
for a long time, i've wished that i could just regress to an age too  young for anyone to expect me to do anything about solving problems or  taking responsibility. †i don't want to be a babbling infant, but i do  want a child-sized body. †this was probably in the cards from the  beginning. i wasn't in a hurry to grow up. †i didn't want pubic hair and  i hated it when it started growing.
for coffee and tea i use a butane stove. it is much cheaper and more energy efficient than a keurig, which can use $160 of electricity / year. it doesnt waste endless non-recyclable k-cups and i find heats water about as fast. also fire is much more beautiful than blinking leds.
for every charles koch, there's a bill gates. the amount of money held by a private individual does not indicate anything at all about their moral worth. and the simplistic class warfare dialogue sanders is choosing to engage is not only cynical, but a betrayal of socialist values.
for every successful and smart move stalin did 5-10 fucked up things to make up for it, and thus libertarianism grabbed hold within the unwealthy populations of capitalist nations instead of any number of pink or red ideologies.
for example i have a pacifier and at home i am not shy to use it. not because i think its fun or cool or because i want to call special attention to myself, but because it helps me cope. it soothes me. it helps me calm down. it helps me feel safe. if i were capable of more mature ways to achieve that, id use them, but as it is, i am happy i have any way at all.
for example, im something of a dork, and i like names like luna, or aeris, or elsvet or jaehaerys or whatever. if i were to have legally changed my name to one of those things though, i might as well wear a helmet with a neon sign that blinks the words hi, scrutinize me. so, sadly, i wont ever be a cetra or a targaryen. i know, weep for me.
for example, for those who don't know, there are a lot of (and please excuse the term...if there is a more pc term, just let me know) rednecks in the nyc metro area.
for example, have you ever seen a man rush to help a girl with her luggage because of her amazing cancer less stomach lining or because she can do long division without a calculator?
for me, it is a victory in the battle of sexex, now women are the stronger! :)&&newline<kevin> why...... many men go to a dominatrix to can punished? it's in their nature to be dominated by women! :)
for more than 40 years, what amounts to a hate group has been hiding out within progressive movements, targeting trans people and their allies in the name of women, the lesbian community and feminism itself.
for myself, i am a weak individual. i have rather shaky health which is upset at the slightest discomfort. an ugly chair and a few bars of pop music cause me headaches and respiratory difficulties.
for several years i kept myself locked up in home, playing games on the xbox and computer all day, obsessively collecting furry porn, browsing image boards, or watching anime on youtube. yet despite all this time spent online, interacting with countless people in games and *chan image boards, i could never make friends. yes, i was so socially inept that i couldn't even connect with people over the internet!
for some of us, this will be the religions of native-americans, or of africa, or of asia. for others, it will be the old religion that preceded the current patriarchal era.
for that reason alone, just to prove that i am not scared to face my fears, i may go to the end with this.  i am a type a personality and hate being told that i can't have something and while the thought of 'hurting someone else' (emotionally) does not appeal to me, i have to ask myself (and eventually answer for myself), to what degree am i really hurting them (if at all) and does that out weigh my happiness?
for the longest time, axe has been advertised and meant for straight men to attract women. it was certainly not meant to attract...other dudes.
for the love of god, the french went through like, three revolutions, and they still couldn't get it right! and russia/the soviet union? yeah, it might have went well for stalin. didn't go so well for the russian/ukrainian/belorussian people, did it?
for the past year, i've been thinking things like 'oh i don't want to be a girl. but i don't want to be a guy either...' and just recently i found out i'm agender.
for those who looked to the daily show as a voice of reason in a time of entrenched racial attitudes and sub-high-school-debate public discourse on the airwaves, the confident, cutting young south african promised a shot of new, desperately needed perspective.
for years, rappers had favored rims called spinnersmetal hubcaps on independent bearings, which continued rotating even when the car had stopped. looking to switch up the game, glover bought floaters: the weighted rims stood still even when the wheels were moving.
forever wishing i lived in america during the 1940s. now i realize people will say it wasnt all good! there was a lot of bad things in that time, for instance equal rights for women and people of color. yes, it is a sad and i wish that had been different. but there are problems in every era, and to me there was a certain kind of happiness and patriotism due to the war, that we just dont have today. people had class and respect fo
forget unemployment, education, traffic problems, or what have you ... anal sex trumps it all for these people.
former journalist for the times, sunday times and sunday express, and now a shaman and healer.
four months ago, if you had told me that i would have to mentally joust with people who have the intellectual robustness of a rock all while they called me 'misogynist', 'sexist', 'racist', 'privileged', 'ableist', and 'neckbeard', my sides would have been lost in space.
four months ago, if you had told me that an unknown porn-star-turned-game-developer would be the spark in the beginning of the unraveling of many truths that thousands of people once implicitly believed about modern society, i would have probably hypoventilated from giggling for too long.
four months ago, if you had told me that left-wing feminists had infiltrated academia organizations with the intent to pervert the gaming industry into serving their political agenda, i would have chortled with great mirth.
four months ago, if you had told me that the mainstream media would slander a consumer revolt about ethical standards in gaming journalism from one end of the earth to the other just because they wanted higher ratings and more pageviews, i would have laughed.
four: the banks must continue to know that as long as d. j. rockecenter makes a profit, nobody else matters.&&newline<kevin> five: we stand for democracy so long as it doesn't get in the way of communism.&&newline<kevin> six: the population must be educated in the need of euthanasia and wholesale abortion, and cooperate in its own humanocide.
fourth, dont you fucking sit there and tell me that my people and i dont face oppression. guess what? im het ace myself and im sick af of hearing people tell me that it isnt a real thing or that ill find the right person or that im doing it for attention. you dont get to tell me that i cant call myself queer, because i am fucking queer.
franco-belgian comics have the hottest girls. i stopped liking anime chicks after reading red ears.
freddyfreaker it's the freak phone, and here's the party freak. freddy freaker! the dancin' new sensation. headin' up the nation, doin' the freak. call now 1-900-490-freak. join the party, the fast and easy way, to hear what's jammin' from new york to l.a. call now. 1-900-490-freak. whats happenin' whats jammin', party 'til you drop. dial and hear the action, whats hot and whats not. call now. 1-900-490-freak. two dollars a call
free from the chains of menstruation and child-bearing, transsexual women are obviously far superior to gennys in many ways .... genetic women are becoming quite obsolete, which is obvious, and the future belongs to transsexual women. we know this and, and perhaps some of you suspect it. all you have left is your 'ability' to bear children, and in a world which will groan to feed 6 billion by the year 2000, that's a negative asset.
free markets are inherently fair. those that seek to discriminate end up being discriminated against. those who provide extra kindness are rewarded with more business.
friday night?... time to browse the 'chon!
fried nothing: the batter used for fried chicken, simply fried in oil and served in a fry basket, served with goat cheese dipping sauce, $6.50
friendly reminder for the upcoming tyranny day (oops i mean tax day) on april 14: don't forget to claim the 11 illegal immigrants as your dependents
friendly reminder that jesus was an asexual cis nazarene male that left for two decades on a theorized military tour, learned tibetan buddhist theology, and found a way to apply it to the most barbaric religion in the middle east.
friendly reminder: austerity means decreasing the deficit. for those of you and i would like to get shit from my hs got married this year as a glue-high substitute.
friendly reminder: austerity means decreasing the deficit. for those who still don't get it.
frivolous pleasure: tantric energy surrounds any area in which you have had a sexual encounter within the past 24 hours, repelling undead and speeding up healing.
from a purely biological standpoint, sexual dysphoria, and homosexuality are aberations; they're genetic or hormonal (or psychological) defects in the human form.
from my pov even with all their faults the tf member luiskaotsa hitler politician who dislikes eu is still a better choice than some villapaita wearing geek or a woman without make-up who rants about patriarchy or racism or both.
from my direct experience, there was this guy with some s&m in him (i watched it take two years for the talk of his showing a pinup at lunch of a girl with pierced breasts to die down, and yes, he wasn't exactly smart), but he got very nervous when i alluded to it when talking to him privately.  narrow-mindedness about sex is unfortunately not the exclusive province of the 'stereotypical cis-gender heterosexuals'!
from one conservative to an...... well, from a conservative, i say fuck liberals! damn racists! fuck them right in their pussies! damn gentrifying bastards, making the hood better for everyone..... cept the people that lived in the hood. mf'ers! fuck'em! right! in! the! pussy!!!! oh yeah.... charlie don't surf!
from the 15th century to the 19th century, about 14 million west-african bodies were captured, brought to the coasts of the guinean gulf and then forced into ships to be enslaved in the americas (the caribbeans, the united states and brazil in particular).
from what i hear it's not good. it's time to get angry! the mayor, the president and al sharpton are to blame. burn the mother down!
from your pov your life is priceless. from a societal point of view your life is worth the result of a complex net present value calculation that would probably depress you.
fuck you and all the folx who willingly accept the privileges 'cute' as arbitrary oppressive lookist construct offers to some and withholds from others!!&&newline<kevin> if you accept this designation without challenging it and sharing space with the rest of us, i'm fucking tripping you down short flights of stairs wherever you are right now!!'
fuck all of it, and fuck you if you disagree. i had thought this was kind of ludicrous before, but actually getting the full story makes this worse. the author is perfectly correct to compare this shit to the pillory and public floggings from the 18th century.&&newline<- in response to someone loosing their pr job for racist tweets
fuck this, no. this is not okay. chris kyle is an american hero who fought your freedom to say stupid shit like this. maybe you should stop a) breaking the law b) learn what a true hero and amazing person he is before you opened your uneducated, ignorant mouth again and spew nastiness and hate.
fuck women, fuck feminism, fuck manginas, fuck it all. i'm going to live out my days travelling the world out of a suitcase and be a digital nomad. ?
fuckin with me, you must really wanna die
fucking upstate ny is a hellhole like nothing else.
full skirts for the win
full disclosure: i enjoy hpmor, but whoever called it the atlas shrugged of fanfics isn't far from the truth. then again, for some strange reason i actually enjoy reading atlas shrugged... i'm hoping one of these days i'll have enough time to brush up on my quantum mechanics and make an informed opinion as to whether the many-worlds interpretation is as manifestly obvious as yudkowsky says it is. i suspect it isn't, but at least i'll learn some
full of poop? full of pee? i don't know, it's too thick to see!
full-stack web developer at design equestria
fun fact: the washington monument was originally black but was later repainted by white bigots in an attempt to suppress black culture
fun fact: closeted trans women do not experience male privlege. they experience being misgendered. this is not a positive experience, therefore it is oppression, not privlege. now you know!!
funny how you can't use tax money to fund creation science - somebody might be offended - but there seems to be unlimited money to chase unproven non-biblical theories. i guess it's alright to use tax money if it offends christians!
funny thing about being asexual. i save up all that energy that everyone else uses for sex and i attack my enemies with logic and wisdom. what up. think before you speak. but seriously please do think its boring if your not even a challenge for me.
furious faggot. sacrilegious sodomite. call-out cunt.
furious faggot. sacrilegious sodomite. call-out cunt.  im genderfluid transfem, ultra-liberal, white, & able-bodied allistic w/ psych disabilities.
further proof that all along radical fauxminists have been in with the patriarchy.
furthermore, the girl is wearing a kimono, a garment that has for ages carried cultural significance. assuming that she is white how can you think this is ok?
gender abolition means being able to fully identify as  ourselves without those identities needing to be included into a  hierarchical construct.
get your israeli hands off my mcnuggets you bastard!!!! this is a hate crime against gamers!!!
go and die you absolute terf scum. i hope all those boob havers out there suffocate you with the boobs they have and you die. fucking terf. i hate all of your kind and hope you get raped by a transwoman.
go germany for owning up to what they did and taking the steps to stop it from happening again.
game designer, writer, self publisher, freelancer, rakish fop, gentleman bastard, ten times more charming than that arnold on green acres
gamergate is proof that an anarchistic society works, but only when entrusted to reasonable individuals.
gamergaters are fucking atrocious misogynists but lmao @a_girl_irl legit deserves to be murdered, dude is a transphobic opportunist shit who got off harassing women until he suddenly decided he was some manner of feminist.
gatekeeping bisexuals from the word gay in 2016? you're adorable. and so very very entitled because you cannot even fathom that bisexuals are being constantly scrutinised and excluded in lgbtq as well. we're not straight. let us use gay. thank you.
gay and lesbian people are never told that theyre confused or broken, thats why they have monosexual privilege!
geeky. sarcastic. national socialist. anti-sjw // anti-feminism .
gender and sex are completely different things you uneducated fuckwad. and if you actually knew biology youd know that just because a person has a penis does not mean they have xy chromosomes and gender is written into our dna - which means its part of our biology.
generation x is sick of your bullshit
gentrification : a process of of converting an urban neighborhood from a predominantly low-income renter-occupied area to predominantly middle-class owner-occupied area. gentrification makes old things become new again through renovation
george orwell was a socialist/communist and was critiqueing stalinism which he saw as massively different and oppositional to communism
germany lost cause italian losers who couldn't even win a fight against some slavian nabs. also 3v1 is unfair :/ france lost every war 1v1. :)
get rid of the bums. again: unleash the cops to clear the streets of bums and vagrants. where will they go? who cares? hopefully, they will disappear, that is, move from the ranks of the petted and cosseted bum class to the ranks of the productive members of society.
get at me when you can build your own, you little oem fgt, i've built more, benched more, competed more,won more. don't ever try and school me you little windows me bitch, funny as fuck.. amd fgt know nothing pussy. your dipshit friend probably shouldn't be using a fucking pc, go grab and god damn fucking imac you trendy fucking wal-mart shopping lesbians.. rofl... done.
get out of trouble! policies at colleges (and many workplaces) often suspend all negative actions against someone who says they've been raped. (getting in trouble or possibly being kicked out/fired for being late/failing grades/drug use? blame it on a rape and be forgiven!)
getting bashed by other trans people for not having dysphoria (yeah im lookin at you truscum)
getting rid of my fridge was one of the greatest days of my life. nevermore will i listen to that damn compressor moan.
girl my husband took me to spain and gave me a kinder egg on the beach, the ring was inside the capsule (lord knows how he did that) if any feminist tried to take that away from me i may cut a bitch. best surprise of my life.
girlfriend just thought something was 'off' about the texture of her soylent and paid no mind. found more moldy bottles later and she was violently ill for the week. all good now though at least, reported the batch and all that to rosa labs.
girls! learn from your great grandmothers! they were better than you. scientific fact: a girl who slept with many guys is a dumpster with an admixture of genes from all of those men. the telegony effect + a scorched soul, incapable of a love as strong as the first time. guys, do not have children with sexually experienced girls. look for pure chaste girls. they are few. but they exist!
give your immune system a boost with this potent blend of medicinals.  while your fermenting friends protect your gut & support your liver, this formula offers the added benefit of herbs to help ward off colds, flus, and general upper respiratory junk.  whether you eat this daily as a tonic, or chow down at the onset of those lil buggers, we want to you stay healthy & strong.
given that boys are not as repulsed by gross things and are in fact, fascinated by them (i.e. collecting bugs, farting, spitting, etc.) it stands to reason that boys are not as likely to find a wet, poopy, slimy and smelly diaper to be as undesirable as would a girl.
given that cooking bacon in house can be an operational burden, which wich had used bacon crumbles rather than full strips. about five years ago, hormel product engineers began playing around to create a better, precooked bacon, bruton says. now, which wich is one of three national chains to carry the new hormel version.
globalism and corporatism are two different things
go bibi go! nuke the satanic muzzie animals!
go ahead! just try to make me use the toilet!
go fuck yourself. it's not our fault you don't know anything about gender sex and how they are both socially constructed so it's pointless to assert that those distinctions are fact. if the time period or location changed the distinctions would change. read a book.
god i hope germany is not yet cucked enough to accept this offer, but i don't have high hopes.
god is good! god is love! god saved my life!
god bless her and her family. i also told her a bit of myself here and there, including the trolls/cyber-bullies.
god, i am so full. i turned my depression into binge fuel and decided to fuck all and pig out. i had a foot long sub, two corndogs, a cup ramen with cheese, a whole candy bar, and two fruit rollups. i also plan on devouring a large bowl of cereal later. such a fatty
going clear made two things quite apparent, one is scientology is a lot weirder than you'd first imagine, and two their business model is beyond genius.
going to a strip club for the first time. what should i know about?
good god, these families have to sit in a funeral home on christmas eve. deblowzio are you satisfied now ? two cops are dead.
good morning power muffins {full of whole grains and superfoods!}
good news in why homosexuality is a sin: an answer that makes it conquerable and non-unique
good news, fellow w0mxn! i was walking home tonight and a tall,  beautiful trans woman took me behind the brush and showed me her hot,  fat clit, and fucked the transphobia right out of me! ive been cured of  my terf-dom! i cant want for my new trans mommy to pound my holes  again and cum in all my holes~
good! i support blm, but on this issue they are seriously misguided and uneducated. they've fallen prey to the lies told by anti-israel 'activists' who are far from pro-palestinian, and who use other people's causes and try to usurp those other causes for their own means. there is less apartheid in israel than there is in the us.
good-bye, you cadillac brougham coup d'elegance.  it wasn't your fault!
goons love to hate atlas shrugged, but in 99.9% of cases they've never read it. they hate it out of a sense of primitive tribalism. so i suggest you read it op, form your judgement and don't be a misguided bernie sanders cultist like these poor gullible fools.
got a level 50 miner or botanist in final fantasy xiv? well, now you can look up what time it is in eorzea whenever you want, as well as get a list of gathering nodes and their requirements.
goyim are encouraged to reblog this.
graphic depictions of violencejames 'bucky' barnes/steve rogersjames 'bucky' barnes steve rogerssex pollen aphrodisiacs drug-induced sex dubious consent rough sex fight sex captain america: the winter soldier spoilers canon divergence - captain america: the winter soldier winter soldier bucky barnes implied/referenced torture anal sex anal fingering switching bottom steve rogers bottom bucky barnes power play barebacking violence sassy steve
great gift.. for down tone/down stat loser
great news everyone. demand for organic has absolutely exploded in recent years.  you can attribute this change in market demand to education. you can attribute it to the mass awakening happening around the planet. but either way,†you cant argue with the numbers. sorry monsatan.
great news everyone. bush is banning all conversation that i respect body norms for trans people get involved in the house! is there a? conspiracy against the alien cums, which destroys it is still under isil management.[11] an isil-owned satellite television station, also based out of the fitest lenoard
great that this is back. two things, a) pearl needs therapy. like yesterday. and b) i have to say, i don't like the music. as, in general. it took me a while to figure out, but two songs in one episode had me fast forward twice. i just hate american musical theater.
greentailing and other revolutions in retail
guard your thoughts carefully, as they are more powerful than  you may imagine. if you see doom and gloom, then that is what you are  projecting. the world is†your mirror.  it reflects back to you what you are putting out. if you do not like  the reflection life is showing you, then change that which is causing  it.
guns, girls, god. reagan, no fags and sex.
guro/aesthetic kinblog! also food. call me carrot, pen-name is trash (hellhound/demon). ask to tag! art tag is myarts (full of cartoon stuff i'm still moving to a fandom account wip). all my text posts are ok to reblog except ones saying to not reblog (rare).
have a god damn heart attack right now, this very moment you read this message, you god damn bitching whore!
he is the god if i go missing tommorow for revealing this information it was they who did it
heres some gettin drunk tips from your ol pal john fartboner: put that motherfuckin wine in a cop pour some water in it to dilute that gross taste and then you fucking churg it
heterosexual love lacks drama
hillary.  god i love her so thank you for giving me the chance to talk about her.
hipsterphobia sails close to homophobia and gendered norms
hit new tv show this fall: hes a canadian nerd irc poster who is a fucking loser irl who will never accomplish anything of himself. hes a coder who likes tricking the loser guy into clicking on pics of the thing's thing and goatse. together, they have to fight crimes, but will they be able to do it while the coder guy is goatseing/the
holly crap, you are honest to god the stupidist person i have ever seen on tumblr! your a 'radical feminist' which mean man hating dumbass and your anti-bdsm which means you never got laid befor xd and pro womanhood, do you feel special for having a vagina? all the points you make are ignorant and invalid. if you really want to have a further discussion on why your wrong, reply to this and i'll get back to you and we can chat. i know i'm right
how ccute are boners like blood is rushing to the penis which really means the penis is blushing like how cute is that something made that penis blush????
how dare you not add cheese to the omelet
how do you define sexuality outside of gender?
had a bit of a downturn in the past couple weeks.  just haven't been able to stay motivated to keep up with the extra calories.  maybe i burned out a little, or need a break.  i know i should keep trying to get fatter, but some days it's just not there, and i haven't had the slightest encouragement for the longest time.
had to leave during their attack to celebrate a chinese new year dinner with the family - i'll be back on in a short moment to start rebuilding everything.
hai i'm little wusky puppy if any big puppy wanna talk or little too send me a note :3
half the places i've worked people have come up to me unsolicited and asked me to spare them when i shoot up the place. why does this keep happening to me
halfdan the black was the first africoid king to unite norway.
hamilton will be listened to on starships making their way across endless inky space.
hannibal buress did more harm to the black community than any white man could ever do.
happy #s17 to all occupiers and fans of liberation! :)
happy new years eve from a bored dragon. #dragonkin #bored #sleepy #newyear #edit #photoedit #shorthair #pale #greeneyes #alternative #altgirls #altboys #pagan #therian #wolftherian #polykin #otherkin #pansexual #demiboy #agender #nonbinary #selfie
harley and ivy being sweet, supportive, and just generally awesome. from harley quinn #15 and the harley quinn valentines day special.
has anyone tried diy orchi by injecting alcohol into their testicles?
hashem protect me from the terfs and intactivists who are coming after me today.
hasn't judith butler been accused of transphobia? i saw some comments on a tumblr quote a long time ago about that.&&newline<kevin> yes, and i think those accusations are unfounded, they tend to come from liberals and tscum. butler uses language that is antiquated (transexual and whatnot), but i would not count that against her. most accusations against her deal with the fact that she argues against gender identity as a stable internal and distinct ont
hate this. some women are bald. some women have facial hair. some women choose to stand and pee
have i just crossed over into pure lunacy here? the kim regime is one of the worst on earth and i obviously want justice for everyone in north korea more than i dislike hollywood, but it's not like this sort of thing could strengthen or legitimize kim.
have you tried nitro coffee, the iced coffee that's served like beer?
have a high school diploma/ged or at least 10 years of management experience
have any of them considered that in order to pay down $19 trillion in debt, it would take 600,000 years at $1 per second?
have sex. have dirty, raunchy sex. have sex in the bed, on the counter, in the car, in the bathroom. have it everywhere. have passionate love making sex. fuck. go slow. gaze into their eyes. learn every curve and bump on their body. learn what makes them quiver. learn what makes them cum the hardest. feel their body and fall back in love with them. just have sex.
have you ever been disappointed or let down by a robot character? i dont think so
have you ever noticed how defenders of communism always have to put quotation marks around 'communist' when they talk about actual communist countries? it should really tell you something about the implementation of communism in the real world.
have you seem my pussy? she ran off again chasing a field tit mouse.
have you tweeted #jesus lately?
have your reluctant family members read in defense of food and watch food, inc. so they have some background on why you are making a change.
having a tab open on your phone, the wikipedia article for human sexuality because you don't get how it works.
having caught on to this operation, he postulated his own return as meteyya, part of which prophecy will have been fulfilled upon the passing of l. ron hubbard
having said that: kill all men is still a p noble goal and stance but dont take that stance by attacking non-men who value things about/have relationships with particular men because thats missing the point so hard
having sex with an animal should be legal. theres nothing wrong with it.
having the privilege to care about wall street corruption makes u elitist. goldman sachs didnt shoot mike brown
having viewed slum clearance projects in most major cities of the world may i state that you have conceived and created in the johannesburg townships what is probably the most impressive and adequate resettlement activity in existence.
he always wanted to go out drinking, and being a typical college student i drank more than i should have. when we would get to his place, he would try to force me into participating while my judgment was impaired. i would fight against it. i was trying to respect his needs, but he didnt care about mine.
he came over. i answered the door in my cute pink shiny negligee and stockings, but also with my alma maters hoodie over it, so i could have some decency + show him i went to a fucking great school.
he caused people to be brought to teegeeack (earth) and put an h-bomb on the principal volcanos (incident ii) and then the pacific area ones were taken - in boxes to hawaii and the atlantic area ones to las palmas and there 'packaged'.
he continued to explain he didnt know why he felt like that, but always had. he sometimes wore diapers in public, and he got a rush being near his friends. he kept saying that if i was open minded i would understand. i felt guilty, and ashamed that i wasnt being more accepting. if i could accept other fetishes, why couldnt i accept this one? i told him i needed time to process, but we w
he enjoys seeing the person he owns, his property, become the thing god wants her to be. it might sound weird, but that works for me.
he explained his wife had left him when he told her about his fetish. he respected the fact i was trying to understand. he patiently answered my questions, and basically explained that my boyfriend probably didnt want to have those feelings. there is a sense of shame that goes with having a desire that isnt mainstream. my concerns were normal, but i had to watch that i didnt make him feel abnormal because of them.
he explained that lasting change would occur when businesses found an economically sound way to offer healthier optionsnot through governmental regulations.
he is the 'blue weirdo,' or as i call him, 'gay guy #1' a
he probably tried to plant the taser as a spur of the moment thing when he realized exactly what he had just done. i honestly can't get mad at someone for trying to get out of that kind of trouble since he's probably about to get a huge portion of his life taken away from him.
he realized that he was not dealing with actual people, but rather a social machine that was programmed and had a limited range of responses to unique stimuli. people are programmed differently nowadays, of course, though he still might be able to tell they weren't really human.
he started to degrade me, and say i was a bad person because i wasnt trying to understand him. he started to threaten me by saying either i participate, or he would spread rumors that it was my fetish. i now think that he was just projecting his insecurities on me. he probably thought if he could get me to do it, then we both would be  weirdoes.
he'll just be an angry computer janitor who has sex with maybe two women in his life. the middle class has always produced its share of big angry nothings.
he's a sad little post-modern academic engaging in a weird type of left wing imperialism, where, instead of countries being expected to provide raw goods and cheap labor with no regard for their own people, countries are expected to provide an anti-american narrative, also with no regard for their own people.
headcanon: you're the descendant of an otherworldly princess who was brought to earth to escape intense danger befalling her home world centuries ago. it's said that her entire bloodline is known to bring eternal peace and happiness to all who see those lovely eyes, which is exactly what you do.
healthy microwaveable pumpkin quinoa flake protein loaf (sugar free, low fat, gluten free, vegan)
healthy olive garden copycat
heavenly virgin (female only): you radiate an aura of childlike purity which protects you from demonic attacks and frustrates their actions while in your presence. benefit is lost for 24 hours after engaging in consensual penetrative sex. i think i covered this one already, but here's a refresher, since it gets a couple of optional extras in this book:
heirs of blavatsky's ascended masters believe that they will likewise ascend to an occult version of transcendent life. but can we track the progress of jesus at light speed through the solar system, much less our own? yet we persist in searching the heavens, figratively and literally.
hell i came up with a way now. find a hole with nothing sharp. stick your dick in it. boom. call me captain kirk.
hell no i'm not gonna boycott paypal. what are you stupid? i love paypal.
hell, i've gone on the record multiple times welcoming law enforcement to take me in, and on a few occasions in real life i've attempted to turn myself in. once to the feds, and a few times to the folks at the chesapeake police department. they. do. not. care.
helldump bragged about it's 'confirmed kills.' i cannot fucking forgive them. ever. don't any of you fuckers dare believe, for one fucking second, that the sjws won't go full soviet gestapo if they're given the chance. they've already dehumanized you. they dehumanized you and made sport of your suffering and death almost a decade ago.
heller accuses them of being 'the raving insane,' but they counter that of course they're not insane, all of them got a's in psychology, which is why they're rapists in the first case.
hello i am a single pansexual mommy from fort wayne indiana i'm hoping to have a transsexual baby this summer or a hermaphrodite baby i've had one before and i had a wonderful time with her but i've never had a transsexual baby so other and good parenting tips on that i'd love to get a private message from some people or skype or just talk to people in general about this thank you
hello i want to ask you a small favor. i'm planning to set a new game in my bog here. and i would like to ask you maybe you can see if its playable it just for a short minute? can you just give a short shot? you can try it just under my last post. just write me if it was any good.. we could talk later !
hello everybody! if any of you are gainers,feedees, feeders, or fat admirers you should reblog this and maybe send me an ask or something~ all variation on the gender spectrum are welcome!
hello everyone! i hope everyone is doing well with writing! i am, thanks for asking :). so for this year i've decided to write a high fantasy novel and one of the kingdoms the characters visit, is called versailles. do you think i would get sued for using this name in a published novel?
hello folks, after performing some psychic chirurgery on myself i'm back down to a more rational & self-aware level.
hello from israel! i am having the greatest time exploring the country with lee, emily, ben and jessa and the wonderful people who run vibe israel, the non-profit organization that invited us over. ive been sharing photos on instagram if youre interested!
hello sir, my name is kevin and i go to ridgewood high school. i am selling this candy bars as a fundraiser for my school. would you be interested in making a donation or investment in my future? thank you for your time. my name is kevin.
hello there (=^.^=) you can call me kevvy. i'm a 19 year old conglomeration of cats, memes and other celestial beings.
hello! i'm not too sure what my kin is, but i'm highly highly pack oriented. i feel like i may be wolfkin or raptorkin. do you know of any other animals or creatures that hunt as a pack in the forest or tundra or even mountains?
hello, it's kevin jones from d&d with porn stars.
hentai music videos (hmvs): post hmvs. discuss hmvs. please link all new hmvs and folders back to the op
her swimsuit cover, im pretty sure i masturbated to that as a little boy. i cant confirm that. seventy percent chance. yes.
herbal solutions for sunburn
here i propose a framework for a non-liberal, non-radical, and non-transmisogynistic feminism: a proletarian feminism. this work builds upon a materialist analysis of sex as a social construct (more available here),
here is a most audio-sonic feeling. while at the club last night, the music was loud, maybe reverberating or echoing. the music and beats literally shook up my rack! i actually felt the music playing and reverbing within my breasts, almost like my breasts had become a pair of speakers. it felt amazing and arousing!
here we have paganism rampant and in its most virulent form. drunkenness and debauchery are commonplace. sexual perversion is rampant...any number of our directors and stars are perverts. ninety-five percent of these folks are jews of an eastern european lineage. they are, probably, the scum of the earth.
here's how i see this: if you call star wars boring, you're wrong. if you're someone who has managed to ignore something as culturally relevant as star wars until adulthood, which i'm going to assume is because you never really cared much for movies in general, and you call it boring, you're wicked and should be flogged in public.
here's the biggest problem facing the world: there's billions of people still in poverty, many in abject poverty, that need stable democracies & free enterprise.
here's the church, here's the steeple. open the doors, there's all the sheeple.
here's the thing about gbs, it doesn't wait for you to understand. it doesn't think you're special and it will wreck your shit if you come in thinking you are. gbs is where you go to kill your little case of dunning-kruger. chances are if you get run out, it's because you're either trying to show everyone how smart, funny and/or original you are when you just simply aren't any of the above.
here's to haters of this restaurant. i don't know why, but i think you got it wrong. see this plate? food is gone! in my belly!
heres a tip: if you think that you have the genders, you pretty much absolutely do.
heres the dillemma! if you were offered one day by a magical being that you could have a life without having to worry about money, housing or illness, and that if you chose this life you would be urinary incontinent for the rest of your life without any chance of the deal, or the incontinence being reversed. would you taker it ? think about it, 24/7 diapers 365 days a year for the rest of your life !!!
hermaphrodite is a lesser known god because the greeks have so many.
herpes is literally harmless so you could actually make an argument that there's a social good in stigma reduction to be done by spreading it to more people. for example, there isn't much stigma in society around cold sores even though they're a very similar virus, just because they're so common. food for thought.
hetero-aro-ace and scared about looking for a datefriend
hey i'm going to get a tattoo of a dragon because i love dragons and it has been something that has had a great meaning for me ever since i was a kid. i'm going to design it myself and i'm just wondering if it's cultural appropriation if it kind of looks like but not completely looks like a chinese dragon? i'm asking this so i can know if it's okay or not before i go ahead with doing it.
hey dumbasses,.this man is not a muslim, he is a sikh and they also hate muslims. i would fight next to one of them any day.
hey everyone, just wanted to pop in and say that the left has once again revealed its vulgar, tactless nature in its handling of the death of lady thatcher, not that she would care, because she always ignored your hateful commentary, lived a long and successful life and changed britain forever. you have proudly put your moral bankruptcy on display for everyone to see and i am grateful because it helps discredit you. cheers.
hey fellas, looking for that perfect 10? get out of the bar and into your bible. she's called the commandments
hey guess what! you can be romantically attracted to men and women and only sexually attracted to women. yes it is a thing. your romantic and sexual orientations do not have to match.
hey guys! to help non-binary people in the us sign this petition! it's free and super easy to make an account, and you don't even need to be a us citizen!
hey if you want to fight the food-industrial complex, i am onboard. but there are a large number of people across the philosophical spectrum who are completely willing to just make shit up, and if you believe any youtube asshole just because it agrees with your preconceptions, then you are an idiot.
hey quick question is it okay to be a loser in high school
hey there, are you interested in peeing in your pants or bed? no? okay then. how about pooping? could i talk you into maybe pooping in your pants or diaper. no? how about just wearing the diaper and then if you like it we can negotiate your peeing & pooping in it later? no? wow
hey, classics fandom!
hey, i noticed that you just ordered a funnel for feedings. please make sure it's not for automotive use. if it is it's most likely coated in a lubricant that is very toxic.&&newline<kevin> thanks, just noticed that its for automotive use so i wont use it when it arrives, i appreciate the ask!
hey, as a fellow no-fapper who suffers from ibs, i tried this stuff called soylent, and it has reduces my ibs symptoms significantly (almost eliminated) i recommend trying it out or at least reading about it... http://www.soylent.me/
hey, at least you've kissed a girl! but seriously, that second part is really good. it sums up my feelings on sex, but i generally just try to block it out.
hey, trans men: trans women hate you.
heya! i'm kin with terezi and i'm not rlly sure about what exactly happened in my canon? i remember that i was non-binary/agender and was close with vriska, nepeta, and dave! i'm okay with doubles but i'd really perfer to talk to those three
hes lived for 60 years with the struggle of being transgender, which is far greater than the oppression modern cis females go through in america so please shut the fuck up.
hi i am fae. trans gay. otherkin, pagan, feminist, vegetarian. they/them. taken
hi i love your blog a lot it's so comforting which is maybe why i felt as though i should come to here to ask my question  i was wondering if you or any of your followers could answer, does taking antidepressants (or other medications like that) make practicing as a witch more difficult? i've been scared to get help because i've heard drugs like that cloud the mind. sorry if this is a difficult ask
hi i'm jamie i'm a sophomore in college and i've lost a butt plug in my ass before.
hi i'm pink. a tulpa artilect working towards designing and implementing a jellyfish tech homunculus prosthetic body ^_^
hi i'm a christian as well i'm also involved in my church (choir) for ages i hid the ak side of me, i thought it was wrong to have a fetish and be a christian (in some ways i kinda still feel that way) but now i'm learning that god makes us that way we are and he still loves us (ak and all) so now i'm becoming more accepting of what i am.
hi all. checking in for another night of? #meatmagic
hi everyone, i've been on 100% soylent for about 2 weeks now and i started to notice something strange. my hair is falling out (so much that i have to clean the drain after a shower) and i'm having muscle spasms and muscle aches. i do have a lot more energy when i'm on soylent though, so it seems to be doing something at the very least.
hi my name is slendid and i draw furries and horses and play tf2
hi! i'm not jewish but in an effort to promote 'multiculturalism' in my family & another excuse to bake i've been trying different honey cake recipes.
hi, i go by marxist gamer on twitter.
hi, i identify a lot as situational genderfluid but sometimes i also feel like i'm not human or that i am neither a boy nor a girl
hi, i know this is a bit of a late reply, but i want to say that as a fellow bipolar pooper with oily poops, its extremely important to eat right and exercise.
hi, i see there was a drowkin calling out some time ago, i am planning on making a sideblog so as not to upset anyone with arachnophobia and was wondering if there is anyone interested in networking with me or just chatting.
hi, i want to cosplay as ranma and he dresses up in chinese clothing and while i am asian im not chinese so i just shouldnt cosplay as him right?
hi, i'm red link-kin from four swords(manga version), and faerykin as well and it's just?? it fits so well but i'm always too sensitive, especially when i see people hurting the environment or each other
hi, sex worker here. you arent taking away my means of production, so piss off.
high quality global journalism requires investment. please share this article with others using the link below, do not cut & paste the article. see our ts&cs and copyright policy for more detail. email ftsales.support@ft.com to buy additional rights.
hilarys eat well ranch chia dressing with omega 3s
hillary is nixon... but in a good way
hip-hop has done more damage to black and brown people than racism in the last 10 years.
his cock curved down and to the left, and had a slight knot, not the usual large knot of feral canines- much to his wife's satisfaction. it was widest in the middle, about an inch and a half in diameter, with rib-like protrusions along his curved right side. the left side of his penis was nearly straight, with only a slight left bend. it didn't look anything like a textbook example of a penis, but it wasn't made to be looked at.
his name was xenu. he used renegades. various misleading data by means of circuits etc was placed in the unplants. when through with his crime loyal officers (to the people) captured him after six years of battle and put him in an electronic mountain trap where he still is. 'they' are gone. the place (confederation) has since been a desert.'
his world of gender-fluidity sells itself as freedom, but it is anything but; what he sells you is slavery, to your lusts, to your hungers, to your weaknesses, to the governments and to the corporations.
hitler and stalin, like every dictator who perpetrated genocide during the 20th century, assiduously confiscated guns before starting the genocide.&&newline<kevin> registration. confiscation. extinction. each step makes the next step much easier.
hitler looks cool because he seems like an interesting character. actually, i don't know much about him. in school we only learn thai history. but i know he was a communist leader.
hitler's extreme leftism does explain this however. hitler shared with other leftists a love of constant change and excitement --- and what could offer more of that than war (or, in the case of other leftists, the civil war of 'revolution')?
hm. well, it's nice that he's pro gay rights, and that he didn't pick on poop afictionados. still, his anti-feminist videos grind my gears. :p
hmm stormfront needs an irc channel---#stormfront unbelievably is empty.
hmmm. what about making juries bigger by a factor of a few, and slightly relaxing unanimity requirements for most types of cases?
hold the heathen hammer high like a battlecry! never another man's child you'll be cuckolded by!
hollywood values destroys another innocent children's television show. the muppets, now scripted with adult jokes and the depraved liberal worldview.
holocaust is a jew term that was applied to germans as a means to disparage and denigrate them.  it's not only offensive to germans but to whites everywhere.
holy fuckititty fuck.  are trans women now rebranding gender abolition and berating other trans women for disclaiming it because it is specificly trans erasing?
homeschooling is quite an undertaking, but one of the great benefits of homeschooling is that you can teach your kids the real-world skills you think they will need to survive, not what some bureaucrat decreed.
homestuck is basically what happens when the kind of people who would become bronies and stephen universe fanboys made their own candy-colored multimedia miasma about magical realism, videogames, and awkward teenagers with superpowers. it's completely impenetrable to anybody who isn't a literal child or a neet willing to invest the time to read 800,000+ words in chatlogs and comics over the course of several years.
homosexual + biromantic (4.5ish on the kinsey scale)
honestly i have been adverse to any sort of bean/lentil forever and have wanted to force them upon myself...
honestly i just took her aside one day and explained it to her. being level headed and direct is how i went about it. two things really spurred me into doing it though: having attended a 'size in relationships' panel at sizecon, and that she is soon to move it with me. i figured it was best to tell her before she moved in, because to me it seemed like it would have been cheap to tell her afterward.
honestly i think the reason you're so transphobic is because you only study biology where you're basically brainwashed into thinking everything is either 'male' or 'female' which are actually total social constructs. you're so deluded
honestly this is the the type of stuff you hear out of the tea party, and at this point, occupy la is no different then the tea party. but thanks for reinforcing the idea that we need some competent, moderate people to bring about true change.
honestly, homeless people need to lose their last shreds of pride, it only has the potential to get them in trouble. i recall another one who asked if he could sit at the other end of my bench and i chirpily replied 'sure, as long as you don't try to talk to me!' he was horribly offended and walked off to go complain about me to some other crazy person. i guess sitting wasn't what he was actually after.
honestly, in this day and age of political correctness gone batshit insane, i applaud the south for standing up for what they believe no matter what everyone else says. i may not personally like what they have to say most of the time, but still... hats off to being true to yourself.
hooray! i went through my teenage year without getting a girl pregnant!&&newline<kevin> yay! my parents aren't forcing me to get married because of children i could've made!
hormel taiwanese style hot dog hormel desktop style hot dogs
horny is the thing i feel
hospitals could become overcrowded with aids patients; the insurance companies could face financial disaster when they must pay the huge hospital bills agencies; the government schools could become bankrupt from the loss of tax money and the flight of many of their students to christian schools or home schooling to avoid being infected with the hiv virus; and business and industry could lose many of their young, productive employees to the hiv
how jessica jones absorbed the anxieties of gamergate
how about the way the jews treated jesus? if we want to talk about mutual evil both things have to be placed on the table.
how about we dispense with the stupid notion that everyone deserves a living. if someone can't make it, get rid of them.
how can i get bitcoins? i'm 14 and my parents don't want me to give 'shady' sites my passport. (self.bitcoin)
how can you claim to be a muslim and support armenians? the turkish government is islamic and they were fulfilling a duty
how convenient it is that boys, unlike girls, can go around in public without shirts on. since it is okay for boys to do without the shirt in public, then there is certainly no reason that he needs to wear one at home, either. by not letting him wear a shirt, this allows for 100% exposure of his diapers. you can enjoy seeing how high up over his stomach and up his back his diapers go.
how dare you put the fact that you dont like penises above the needs of a trans woman.
how did the t get in lgbt? the 30-year fight for a federal gay civil rights law may fail because activists insist on including rights for transgendered people too. has gay inclusiveness gone too far too fast?
how do you explain a sunset if their is no god?
how far exactly does the trans label go anyways? obviously there's the whole sex and gender thing, but would transhumanism fit under the same umbrella? there are obviously different social implications for changing the sex of the human body vs adding an extra pair of arms or something, but the underlying ideas have a good bit in common.
how fucking dare you take one casual and condescending glance at fandom and decide you know everything there is to know about it and the peoplethe womenwho write it.
how hard would it be to drop thumbdrives and counterfeit rmb all over north korea?
how many of you repressed your transgender feelings into a sexual fetish? &&newline<kevin> i discovered my transness through 4chan so yeah...
how problematic is medievalpoc? some people say its great, others say there are grave problems with historiography and the blogger themselves? i don't know much about art history so i can't tell :/
how to make coconut bacon
how to make gone home an actually good game.
how to make a dry roux in the oven - the catholic foodie
how to select real seafood
how to wear stripper heels everywhere
however a lot of people identifying as 'asexual' are just those that don't have sex for some reason or another. asexuality is a complete and total lack of sex drive for anybody or anything. as you can imagine that's pretty damned rare and also does not include people that want sex but choose not to seek it.
however, all the gender warriors who seek to make programming a feminist issue need to realise there is no pussy-pass here. you are only as good as what you have done and what you can do. all you need is intelligence, hard work and persistence.
however, if poverty were the cause of increased crime and disintegration of the family, then why do families continue to survive in the poorest countries, and the crime is more often committed by the wealthy in power rather than the poor?
however, the new order improved indonesia's economic position and fostered an educated urban middle class. per capita income, life expectancy, and adult literacy increased, aided by an annual economic growth of nearly 5 percent by the 1990s. creative musicians, writers, artists, and filmmakers shaped a vibrant popular culture.
however, were i not a theist, i would probably ascribe to the views of logical positivism.
huey tried not to sweat as three pairs of hands clamored to touch his arms and shoulders as subtly as they could manage. three girls! that's a man's dream. three girls clamoring for his attention and if he picks any one girl over the others he will have to worry about taking care of the brand new hole in his head.
hufflepuffs are the canadians of harry potter.
hugh hefner sky villa palms resort, las vegas
human beings are garbage. that's all there is to it. i literally cannot describe in words the profound sense of disgust that i feel for belonging to this putrid species.
hunger games readers are, by and large, people with nationality privilege who live under stable regimes. they aren't at risk of being recruited into revolutionary armies. it is worth noting, however, that the publishing of the books and movies coincides with a period of significant civil unrest in the u.s. one might say that, just as 50 shades contributes to rape culture, the hunger games contributes to agitator culture.
hyde from that 70's show is demi or grey romantic
i  don't know what i'm going to do. ghazi is all i have. people laugh at  that or think i'm exaggerating but it's true. this community is my heart  and soul. this mod team and some of these users seem to be the only  people that understand me.
i 100% truly believe that magic is real, exists in our world, and i have seen it before. people are extremely narrow minded about this, hence the anonymous confession, but i hope that in the next 3-5 years magic will be accepted. much like homosexuality and being colored was taboo for years, and still is in many backward communities, being a true magic believer is also a social stigma.
i am a sapporter of info wares!!!!
i am not hooking for cola
i am very very stupid oink oink please humiliate me oink oink oink!
i am very very stupid oink oink please humiliate me oink oink please humiliate me oink oink please humiliate me oink oink please humiliate me oink oink oink!
i am very very very stupid oink oink please humiliate me oink oink oink!
i am white. white people cannot be oppressed. i benefit from systems of oppression because i am white.
i am a lesbian identified male.
i ate 2,346 calories of chocolate in my sleep last night and i dont remember any of it
i dont want to see cheese and meats on my dash this has been a psa
i feel them ! i feel them hard ! (im in hypersensitive mode right now -aka too sensitive to be touched -, but internet cuddles are totally fine ! theyre awesome even ! its just what i need !)
i finally got my wi-fi restored and returned @ 12:30 am today. it was like hell having to cope with lack of internet.
i get disgusted with the damn dicks including my own; i want to shove my face into the big hole below the urethra known as the beautiful vagina very much
i get paid tomorrow which means i get to go to costco and buy 5 1/2 dozen eggs and 4 lbs of quinoa
i hate fnaf b ut that foxy plushie is so damn cute
i had a food-truck wedding (and it was awesome)
i like carl marx. he was a fucking rad dude. but holy shit this fucking cultural marxism is the god damn worst.
i like the term genderweird&&newline<kevin> i dont know if thats a term other people use, but i feel like it fits.. its kind of like.. am i boy, am i a girl, am i something else? i dunno its weird! &&newline<kevin> genderqueer is cool too, but i feel kind of weird (eh? eh!!!) and a bit like im appropriating it because i was such a cishet boy growing up.
i live in st louis for about 18 years now, and i was raised in a poor household, got hospitilized 15 different times and i always spend money on things i only want rather need. in a house of just my parents and me, however i was raised in orlando, fl in a house of 2 older sisters, and one older brother. i was raised in a large sized family, but i live alone with parents that loves me and cares for me. i just wish i didn't abuse them.
i love to piss into my mouth
i lost a bunch of weight and feel really complicated about it
i love my computer because my friends live in it: stories from an online life
i peed standing up!!!- 3.75 inch triple features gen2s pee-cock review
i pray to god and jesus to kill jason kendrick howell
i really didnt like them, aesthetically - balls are gross and now i have a cute lil wrinkly flap instead. what the heck. im gonna put eggs in it
i really didnt like them, mentally - that was basically the biggest thing i felt in terms of genital dysphoria and now boom. theyre gone. hell yeah. im basically happy until science or witchcraft or cool gay aliens see fit to furnish me with an ovipositor
i realised that i was and wanted to stay a child when i was 14 and was dressed as a baby in a gang show. i loved wearing my nappy ( diaper) and as my mum called me 'my baby' i have been wearing and using nappies as often as i can. i'm now 63 going on 3?
i really wish people would positively like me. i can not make people like me, and if they dislike me, for their own individual reasons beyond my own comprehension. i can not change their minds. but, to my utmost dismay and sadness, should i be threatened, or be made to feel threatened, i will defend myself to force some respect from them.
i support underage littles
i still answer to the following name (in case my hebrew name too over your head)sasuke uchiha (because you can't resist that emo bastard)sakura haruno -- trust me, it'll stick awhile after i unveil my sakura cosplay...
i tried coconut butter for the first time, and now i'm hooked
i used swerf n terf. and surf and terf. and tbh i think bona fide terfs use it among each other playfully
i wouldnt even piss into my mouth to begin with
i [28/f] work with a [15/m] boy who has down syndrome and i don't enjoy it. how do i tell his parents?
i absolutely loved star wars vii i find kylo ren to be an extremely relatable sith and also badass.
i absolutely recognise that i, as an afab enby, have a certain privilege over trans women and amab enbies. invisibility vs. hypervisibility.
i actually want to believe in the dream when i buy from a big brand. i want to believe they are a fairytale and everything is magical at their cool company.
i admire the courage it takes to make this kind of post. hubby and i are both obese (him almost 400lbs, me 300+) and i understand the difficulty. we both use sanitary napkins (overnight absorbency, ultra-thin) to save the underwear. hubby calls them his 'fart-blockers'. they do seem to help.
i admire the style of trotsky in leather.
i admire your wit
i admit i use ketchup. ketchup,mustard,sweet relish and chopped onion. good times!!!
i admit it, you're right. i hang my head in shame for my unpardonable incorrectness. mugabe did end 'slavery'. now no-one has any work at all. progress!
i admit, i never had sex but sex is anything but abusive. the sjw's are just misconceptualize it as 'rape' and 'abuse.'
i adore her ass. her face is beautiful and her breasts are perfect, but her ass is really what gets to me. a single lift of a tail and an order and i'm underneath her, breathing in her noxious farts, and giving her pleasure. her farts make me hungry...even if i'm not. how humiliating that she can make my stomach growl and my mouth salivate just from the stench of her flatulence. her
i agree in principle, but i'd be lying if i said i didn't have a bit less sympathy for those gassed after being told to leave. basic maslow: you have to satisfy your need to breathe before worrying about morality.
i agree this stuff is great but if you live near any asian market - stop in and buy it!! i can't believe the price of it on here. hoisin sauce will only cost you $1.79 - $3.00 for the largest bottle!!
i agree, whenever i am at a party w/semi-naked girls dancing to mgmt and me and my bro are snorting lines of coke off an old bowie 12', it takes all of my willpower not to sign into the forums and post in coupons.
i agree.  get angry!  take cover snd protect yourselves if you are a uniformed mos.  god bless and stay safe.
i agree. a person can be 'black' in skin tone and not be worthy of the n-word. clarence thomas comes to mind. as do many other people.&&newline<kevin> the use of that word is reserved for the lowest, most hateful miscreants the race can produce.
i almost got a kid expelled last year for wearing a hammer & sickle shirt to school; i claimed that due to my heritage it was a symbol of great hatred and oppression, and that it constituted hate speech. i think the most that happened was he was banned from wearing that shirt and an amendment was made to the dress code at school.
i also deal with incontinence and wet my bed frequently. i don't mind wearing diapers i actually like it most of the time. just remember your not alone here.
i also don't see why a business should be made to suffer, not because of how it treats its workers, but because how workers are being treated somewhere else - so i'm in favour of banning sympathy strikes.
i also don't think that bethesda, especially todd howard or the many people who work there that have loved tes, would let the story be completely shit and throw-out the lore.
i also find it pretty interesting that people are more openly calling me out on my politics. because i think that's the ultimate incompatibility between me and people here. the idea of someone having even right of centre viewpoints on something is automatically laughable to a large section of the irc's populace.
i also have created official sonichu and rosechu mods/karts, along with recreated favored hot wheels cars from my collection, my favorite childhood playskool first transformer race carcomplete with eyes-only driver, and an inspired carriage that states that i enjoy pretty toys and femenine things like tea parties, yet 'iam still a tough, heterosexual man, dammit!'
i always kind of get a little upset when people bring up slavery and say that all slave masters were horrible people. some were, no doubt, but my great great great grandfather was not.
i always saw gaming as a near-perfect meritocracy where people won or lost on their skill and experience alone.
i always think that i will be fine when my spanish au pair, maria, leaves for her holidays. and for the first week we are. 'this is easy,' i tell myself, bathing in a martyrish glow as i viakal the bathroom taps and lovingly do the ironing at 9pm.
i always thought i was libertarian. then after a few surveys and research made me realize i'm more of a classic liberal. libertarians seem like grown up anarchists once i found out more about it.
i always thought that the darker skin was a suntan or something (since they spend a lot of time around the ocean).
i always winced when i used that marker, wish i could just say im a woman and im submissive and id like to be fucked/used but no thats obviously a fakey fake fantasy and no one would cotton to being deceived like that. sometimes id say i need a spanking, or id like to dress up for you, or i need a daddy, or something. ijust enjoyed writing it, even if it was anonymous. i had so many variants on basically the same theme.
i am (so i am told) baron von queer, lord of vagpires, 1st earl of les. these days i mostly talk about orphan black and the genders. i try to tag trigger warnings; please let me know if i miss something, and i'll try to catch it in future.
i am 5 10 and these midget broads complain about my heels all week long!! sorry lil homie but im taller than you. deal with it or buy some stilts.
i am chappie.
i am christian, and queer, and quoiromantic, and nonbinary, and for me those all intersect and help me understand the others.
i am cornholio. i need tp for my bunghole.
i am kitten 'calliope' bondagewench and right now and i am back on the dating market and willing to see what is out there.
i am pro-israel, i pray for the peace of jerusalem and i an not anti-semitic, but most american jews are somewhat godless. they don't care about god or the homeland. they are the most liberal voting bloc in america.
i am a lesbian identified man and a cross-dressing tranny. my mother is still old fashioned and putting me down on how other people would perceived me in a short skirt getting away discreetly in a short skirt recently, i received multiple compliments from the women. i wish she would ease up on me and let me have my freedom to flirt the skirt!
i am a libertarian conservative. despised by the left, treated with suspicion by the right.
i am a male from the southern united states, i have been practicing shinto for half a year and everyday i'm still learning something new about it. i am a devoted worshipper of inari-okami and amaterasu o-mi-kami.
i am a survivors of the abortion holocaust. 1/3 of my generation is gone and i will not turn my back on this tragedy. i have taken up my cross and joined the front lines of the abortion wars.
i am a wh/m/31 successful infantilist who was saved in 2002. i feel that god has called me to be a light to the adult babies of the world.
i am a big believer in democracy and respecting the wishes of the people. if your interest is in a freely democratic russia, supporting the whites was the only option.
i am a bisexual genderfluid mostly female-identifying person married to my wife, shipperhipster / kamiki
i am a body image activist  which means every day im in the trenches fighting to change the cultural factors that create negative ideas about body types, and as far as i am concerned, bringing an end to weight bias and/or fat discrimination should be the primary goal of anyone attempting to heal our cultures body image issues.
i am a concerned mother of three, keep male and female washrooms where our children can pee
i am a conservative male, an evangelical christian, and believe any use of sexuality condemned by the scriptures to be wrong. i watched this movie as a small token of trying to understand homosexuals and their values.
i am a fat ugly man and i get catcalled by women all the time. you know who catcalls? assholes men & women. you know how you shut them up? take them up on it they get shy & shut right the hell up.
i am a fat woman, and i derive real pleasure from feedism. my pleasure is no more or less valid than anyone elses. i prefer to fuck men or women who dont think i am sexy despite my fatness, but think i am sexy because i am smart and funny and yes, because i am fat and i am crazily turned on by the idea of getting fatter.
i am a full-time worker and i smoke weed. i'm a republican who's sick of the mary-wanna turns your children into homosexual communists crap.
i am a high raw fooder and when i eat cooked food, i don't feel as good.
i am a human-shaped unicorn, and i write stories and draw pictures. my only religion is friendship, and my only politics is kindness. i write stories to try to comprehend the native simians that live on the planet i'm kind of stuck on. i know i'll never figure them out, but it's fun to try.
i am a liberal feminist. i am also nonbinary.
i am a lifelong, bi-gendered, part time woman. if none of that makes sense to you, don't worry, i am not hung up on labels. long story short i am a handsome male, that since he was very young, has had a very strong feminine bent.
i am a lonely man. i mostly blame the attention-deprived years of my childhood, but i also blame my failed marriage to that cold-hearted wench who took half of what i own when we got divorced. over the years i've made up for my loneliness with promiscuity and alcohol-fueled love affairs, but sometimes that's not enough.
i am a man -- a homosexual man. i present as a man. i'm attracted to men. i just happen to like to mix the masculine and feminine aesthetics in my everyday presentation. and what of it? it's simply about having the courage to express my personal style.
i am a mentally ill white man (borderline personality disorder), former reddit shitlord, currently warming after learning more during a few immature arguments. when everyone hates you, there isnt much of a reason to pick allies, and your articles on this woman have proven that.
i am a sex worker, recently quitting escorting but up and coming in the porn world, particularly among the indie feminist queer set. i do live stage performance, plus size modelling, and have projects such as a queer porn performer collective that are ready to start building with folks.
i am a sex-repulsed asexual, and i've never felt romantic or sexual attraction toward anyone. that said, i'm still relatively young (late teens) and people keep telling me that i just haven't met the right person yet. i'm pretty confident that i'd still be asexual no matter who i meet, but i don't really know what i'd do romantically if i 'met the right person,' if they exist at all. am i aromantic or have i just not met the right person?
i am a shy enby transfeminine person from melbourne, australia.
i am a strong christian. i am abdl. i am into this for the innocent side. i am turned on when i put a diaper on but i don't act on it. i also need some one to talk to since i am trying to figure out where the line is that i should not cross. the bilble is not very clear on the concept of acting and being treated like a baby.
i am a trans male, but i identify as agender. (i also now identify as queer rather than bisexual.) unlike most transmasculine people, i don't bind my breasts and am not seeking top surgery. it's society that has a problem with my breasts, not me. the parts i'm most dysphoric about are inside my body, and hormone therapy is keeping them inactive.
i am a very gender-fluent and sexuality-fluent person (though heavily favouring females as romantic/sexual partners)
i am a very happy baby i'm sitting in my chair and nothing but a wet poopy diaper hitting my pot pipe
i am a white guy and my girlfriend identifies as a mestiza xicana, first generation, and she wants to do 23andme to figure out her genetic background. i am all for it but i was just wondering, do you support genetic testing to trace indigenous roots?
i am an adult baby who is very open and sincere. i adore women of any size and will treat you very special with lots of love and affection.  adult baby which means i do wear diapers and like baby things at times but i am also very professional and discreet. i am looking for a woman who is open, nurturing and want a long term fulfilling relationship that might even include suckling or breastfeeding at some point.
i am an adult baby looking for a mommy 24/7. i love wearing diapers and having them changed (pee and poop),i love being held and rocked
i am an amateur foodieor maybe i am more like a food snob. there truly is nothing like a great tasting dish that satisfies the palate and makes a person sigh in contentment, let out a belch, and loosen the belt a notch! okay, some people arent too keen on the belching part, but regardless, i think you know what i am talking about!
i am an eight-year-old boy who was never adequately potty trained and would rather wear diapers. my mommy knows this and she makes sure to fulfill this wish. i show no shame for wearing them and feel quite privileged to be kept in diapers.
i am back and fatter than ever! i have been so busy with life for the past couple of months but now i am ready to fully embrace the gaining lifestyle! in about two weeks ill be making videos regularly and posting photos up as much as i can! love you guys, and i will never leave you! i have nobody irl that supports me with this but i do have all of you :) ily
i am being demonically attacked by reptilian draconian vampires at 3001 thelma street at east 21st avenue in east tampa, florida. the attacks are in the forms of verbal abuse incited by demons who possess the vampires, and rash-like abrasions under my breasts which are commonly caused by shapeshifters.
i am both an angel sent from heaven directly to this vessel and a member of a system. i am not an alter, or at least i do not consider myself one as i did not form within the vessel, rather i entered from the outside with consent. but how i experience my life and how my vessel interacts with me is greatly linked to him being a system and to me holding onto many of his traumas and childhood memories due to me coming to him to protect him. i
i am currently taking a supplement called maca root and saw palmetto for bigger butt and thighs, and i am also rubbing fish oil on my butt and taking fish oil orally
i am damned by god with the loathsome disease of autism, and that means i am incapable of detecting social impropriety 'automatically'. i must rely on published standards.'
i am desperate to change into a girl. i love acting like a toddler. anyone ever try to wear a diaper like one? i am always trying to be wet between the legs and towards the back. hopefully one day this happens more naturally
i am disappointed that it doesn't have a dub - i found the dub on tv to be one of the most enjoyable parts of the show and would gladly have paid a little more for the set if it meant getting a dub produced.
i am excited to join a group that is oriented toward constructing a
i am from indiana mitchell to be exact. hope you have a good birthday. i buy and sell diapers and feminine products. i am not here to sell you anything. i need your advice. i want to get pictures taken of me in my baby outfits and diapers. have you ever had some body take photos?
i am happily married and enjoy a healthy sex life with my wife. i consider myself straight/cis and have no interest in sex with men. whenever my wife is out of town i crossdress in her lingerie, strip, and masturbate on webcam for hours at a time for the benefit of anonymous gay men i find online.
i am hitting my late 20s very soon and i have seen some of the changes that are talked about. the whole radical feminist takeover and life becoming increasingly hard for men. that said, i also get the impression that more and more men are starting to openly make fun of radical feminists and women are starting to notice that it is a joke.
i am in good company. fat bears who like to be pushed around, twinky boys who like to punch their lovers in the stomach, owners with dogs, daddies and their sons, slaves and masters, poz-men, doms and subs, perverts, porn loving freaks, ugly pigs, and nasty sluts.
i am misgendered almost daily. people call me sir, mr, buddy etc. all the time. its stressful just buying groceries some days. misgendering is in someway an act of aggression. sometimes its ignorance.
i am not afraid of conspiracy theory like so many other preppers today are.
i am not confident in spite of my body, i am confident because of it.
i am not officially out about being transgendered to my mother. however, its not like i am trying to hide it at all. right now, i am cosplaying sakura haruno around the house, lipstick, makeup, and all. as an icebreaker, i last night, did give a picture of myself dressed up as sakura to her. i do not see any real opposition to me cosplaying sakura in front of her form her reaction to that photograph
i am not skilled enough in macroeconomic analysis, but have often wondered of the feasibility/practicality of the mass deportation of, say, 100 million white ex-oppressors.
i am not wearing a diaper pepito >:)
i am not your activism mule. do your own work. start an ngo.†start a gofundme to help victims of drone strikes.
i am on 100% soylent, i have been for 4 days now. i have not eaten or drank anything other than soylent and do not plan to for the next 26 days. anyways i saw that there is not a place created where people can discuss poop and since i have a few questions i thought i'd create it. for me poop is kind of unpredictable and it always seems to look exactly like soylent does when going in. is this normal? should i be worried that my poop is beige?
i am particularly interested in looking at the gendered body in japanese pornographic anime and horror through a foucauldian framework in order to analyse the wests gaze upon a world it attempts to categorize
i am personally not fan of this former hentai game getting tracking. plot is mediocre at best they use the same old tropes and only use the most superficial details of the legends there base off twisting them into something with no real depth.
i am poly and not a swinger. i seek a poly-fidelity family. i do not have sex unless i am dating. i am std free and have tests to prove it. i do not drink or do drugs.
i am pretty damn passionate about how the world treats transgender women. so, immersing myself in the professional porn and sex world allowed me access to people and places that would broaden my perspective.
i am pretty darn gay, a part of the quiltbag community and a lot of my works have lgbtqia* themes.
i am seeking a female submissive to do as i desire.&&newline<kevin> you should be bisexual as you will be used as a cum receptacle.&&newline<kevin> i enjoy being served sexually and you should enjoy being sub to me and serving my every whim.
i am slightly obsessed with kidnapping and sub fantasies
i am so fortunate to have wonderful irl therian friends. hanging out with them puts me in such a fantastic mood. we are our own little not-people squad.
i am so impressed with the lifting community, seriously. i see so much diversity, and so much support for poc, sex workers, body positivity, lgbtq, religious tolerance, disabilities and mental health, income levels seriously you are all just the absolute best. in the fucking shoplifting community. were supposed to be some sort of detriment to society, but i have never felt so comfortable and safe in a ~community before.
i am strongly pro-free speech and opposed to arbitrary restrictions on personal behavior based on the dominant culture's religious or moral views.
i am talking to my friend on im and she keeps using the word misanthrope and i didn't know what it meant. so i had to look it up on dictionary.com. if she ever finds out about that she will probably think i am stupid and stop liking me. and i am male and 27
i am totally behind the amandlas, willows, and jaydens of this generation. so wit it.
i am unfamiliar with salmon. what do you buy?
i am very offended by your lectures on evolution! those who believe in creation are not ignorant of science! you had no right to try and force evolution on us. your job was to teach it as a theory and not as a fact that all smart people believe in!!
i am very open minded with the lesbian play, and i know a sufficient amount from some of the porn, as well as the tribadism wikipedia page, and here and there. my favorite lesbian porn site that really thrills me is welivetogether.com. not a member, but the samples are good.
i am well aware it's wrong to bite kids, which is why i have truthfully not done it in decades, since my own childhood (if even then).
i am, now that it has been brought up, curious if mike brown did have any psychiatric illnesses. they're quite a bit more common than most people believe, and it's not inconceivable that he suffered from one that might have influenced his actions, like conduct disorder.
i appreciate the trans lady tom of finland vibe @30_helens art has taken on recently.
i ate a lunch of two chicken breasts covered in a nice cheesy sauce and then rice and cake at applebees. then i ate a dozen donuts and a burger on my way home from school
i became a christian on mark driscoll sermons - god used them to reach me with the gospel.
i became extremely sexual, so when the cops came by i hit on them again and again, and soon they had little choice but to call the ambulance due to the huge amount of drugs i had obviously ingested. i was rude to everyone at the hospital. i pulled my iv out, pissed all over the nurse picking some stuff i threw down for some reason, and even offered to give the cops blowjobs if they let
i believe highly in zodiacs, cards, chakras, auras, crystals, energies, etc. you don't have to believe it, but at least be respectful of my beliefs.
i believe, that in 20 years, incel will be a cool subculture. we will have cool incel music and cute 15 year old girls will claim to be incel, trying to fit in.
i bent over backwards for her spineless really and i felt hurt that she decided i wasnt worth the effort so yeah, i know what its like to have a lesbian relationship with my wallet and body in boymode.
i blog a lot about fat politics, oppression, and my femme lifestyle
i bought a blazer on woot a couple weeks ago, arrived the other day and it barely looks like the picture
i bought a stack of art and porn at my first anthrocon back in 2001, but aside from that i tended to be restrained at cons.
i buy 50 lb bags for my 3 horses. they love the taste and it makes their coats shiny, adds extra needed calories.
i buy my pants at the feed store and dirty clothes are meant to be washed. cowboys, hippies, farmers, and beatnicks have good ideas for the country; suburbanites and marketing specialists are ruining our society.
i buy my staple food online like a civilized person.
i buy my staple food online like a civilized person.it takes me mere seconds to order enough soylent for a month, and version 2.0 does not require any preparation, so i got rid of my noisy blender. at less than $2.50 / meal it also saves me loads of cash, and i appreciate the use of more soy and less rice, finally bringing a nutritionally optimal pdcaas score of 1.0 while improving the taste and especially texture.
i called jose brigay(?) and we all got high
i came on this website for harry potter i did not expect to emerge as a multifandom feminist with a different sexuality
i can change traffic lights with my brain only 30% of the time and i'm only wrong when other people are rushing me to use my magic.
i can imagine myself doing it with a collie at least. you know, like lassie.
i can make videos buffer faster w my mind so thts p cool. also things load quicker if i focus on them i luv it
i can mostly agree with this assertion; #lf appears to promote itself as pre-2005 rendition of somethingawful but catering exclusively to the gamergate-esque fedora contrarians type, with obviously very little success. fermata herself seems to try her hardest to be a lowtax v.2, which in itself is indicative of melanie's ivory tower of cluelessness.
i can never stop being a witch, because that is who i am. so ive learned (at least partially) to calm that nagging, sour sludge voice that sits on the top of my head, telling me that what ive experienced isnt real and that ill never be good enough to be a witch.
i can not tell you my date of birth because i was not concious at the time
i can only achieve orgasm defecating in a diaper.
i can understand why they did that, but my problem is that i always felt, even as a kid that it was too light of a blue and seemed very unlikely that [batman] would use such a bright colour.
i can walk through an art museum and see nothing sexual whatsoever in the naked paintings and sculptures - art is art, not biology. #prosofbeingasexual
i can't believe i have to say this but please don't make us look at thumbnails of dead guys. if you absolutely positively must post a nsfw image, please provide the link instead of embedding the image, and make sure to identify the link as being not work safe. thanks. user loses posting privileges for 6 hours.
i can't believe millions upon millions of you read harry potter, watched the hunger games, listened to hamilton and still did this
i can't even believe i'm about to admit this.&&newline<kevin> as a person who masturbates to anime, don't fucking lump me in with trump supporters. even i am better than that.
i can't imagine it would be that hard to figure out [navajo] if you have enough messages, since you already have a basic idea of what these massages contain and how human grammar works.
i can't see how anyone would decide against eugenics. we already have abortions and early detection and 90% of mothers choose to abort down syndrome fetuses.
i can't seem to make any otherkin friends. i don't know why but it seems like everyone just sort of follows each other on here without interacting past that. it bothers me because i don't have any friends who i can trust to talk to about being alienkin, and even if someone isn't the same kintype as me i'd like to have someone to talk to who wouldn't call me insane for who and what i am.
i can't stomach water myself, tastes utterly foul, like rusty coins, even the bottled stuff. i struggle with tea even because it has a similar taste under the tea flavour.&&newline<kevin> i like just about anything else, just not water.
i can't wait for 30 years to pass and to be called a old dinosaur because i think most gender issues are the byproduct of molestation.
i cannot find velvetta cheese anywhere in australia, not even through the u.s.a specialty food shops :(
i cant be penetrated. i have severe hemorrhoids so its too painful, and that made some of my gay relationships difficult, but i was always happy to pleasure my partner.
i cant believe tumblrtxt is still a thing. imagine explaining to someone else that you put effort into regularly finding (personal) posts made largely by vulnerable minors so you could show them to assholes who would laugh and mock them fortalking about intersexism. being nice to their friends. existing. ??? imagine getting deleted and then feeling the need to remake because the world just absolutely needs your content.
i check my bag at the drivethru and i have all my sauces but when i get home what are my burgers? singles. i have a single double cheeseburger if i combine them. i'm so incredibly mad. and before i catch any flak about not getting a manly amount of food just know that i stopped by jack in the box also
i choose to dedicate myself to a pro-obesity lifestyle.  obesity is a good and attractive word and is a positive and desirable condition.  choosing to become obese was the right decision for me.  i feel more myself for having grown obese.  it was what i was always meant to be.  it has drawbacks at times, but nonetheless feels physically and emotionally correct.
i chose not to label myself; in labels are responsibilities and expectancies.
i claim the identity of queer heterosexual in order to further my own desires for a world of multiple possibilities rather than as a means of benefiting from queer chic. such a world would be one in which we are not restricted by binaries of sex and gender or by the balkanization of identity groups.
i come before you today to reveal a horrible accident to the pony cum jar project. the place where i was hiding my cum jar were actually on top of a kind of radiator, that was connected to our furnace. basically the rainbow dash figure has been boiled in cum. it's brown now. and for comparison i have also got another glass of cum
i confess that a friend of mine let his girlfriend trim his pubic hair and she cut his penis. then he told another friend, and she told everyone. and now everyone knows.&&newline<kevin> so haha for him. &&newline<kevin> i found it quite funny. i wonder if put a bandaid on it...
i consider myself gender fluid. i was born as female, people address me as female, and i wear female attire at work. when i'm at home i have a mix of male and female clothes, even underwear. i definitely have a male side and i enjoy playing as both male and female.
i consider quinoa to be a relatively frugal option because it falls under protein and whole grains so its a two-in-one kind of food. it is often cheaper than whole wheat pasta, and always cheaper than hormone-free meat. that being said, it is definitely pricier than white pasta and lower quality ground beef. thats a choice im able and willing to make.
i considered a lot of things to send you going from simple to extreme. i settled on this. feminism is a poison that is slowly killing the world, when it is finally eradicated i hope the man who owns you shows you just how wrong you have been this whole time.
i considered gaining mostly with dairy, like with heavy cream and ice cream and gain shakes, except cream has tended to make me nauseous in the past, and ice cream still has loads of sugar.  also it's not the healthiest route, being all saturated fat and cholesterol.  although i definitely have fantasies of bad diets and unhealthy eating, realistically i don't want to make it too risky, especially when just doing it on my own.
i considered using christian mingle but i feel like people who use that as opposed to a regular dating site would be too conservative.
i could fully understand if yall got upset abt calling steven or connie bird ppl bc! they have big human noses like normal ppl! but pearls nose is literally a big point sticking out of her face like a beak. its not really a human nose and i doubt calling a character with a cool design (and birdly behaviors) birdmom = insulting real ppl with real big/pointy/hook noses like i have. plus im mostly hearing this from nonjewish ppl so it doesnt
i could have saved $30/month on my electric bill over the last 3 years if i had known about the ideas in this book! that may not sound like much, but when you don't have an income, any expense is too high. in fact, now i know how to live without being able to refrigerate food if i become totally homeless.
i could point out that being visibly marginalized does not mean that i am a saint with limitless patience and forgiveness, and i that i do feel anger and resentment at how i and my siblings are treated every day.
i crave you, jesus. i'm hot for you! my legs are spread to receive your penis! enter into me! give me your seeds.
i currently wear diapers all the time. this is something i decided to start doing recently. i decided that, since this is something i have always fantasized about, i should do it, because i'm not getting any younger physically, so i should do this while i'm still young enough to enjoy it. i regularly use my diaper for it's intended purpose.
i demand a low n count to show you value your body and sex, and the seed i am about to give you will be appreciated on the level it deserves.  a low n count shows both intelligence and confidence as you are smart enough not to give your body to charlatans and scoundrels, and confident enough to wait for the high value man you know you deserve.
i deny pop. i blaspheme it whenever i can. i deny the moneytheistic version of hip hop. i deny rave music. i vehemently deny the validity of disco. house music makes me physically ill. flu like symptoms. violent dry heaving. explosive diarrhea. i deny deny deny. that music is intellectual poison. i don't hate those who listen to that music. i pity them.
i did methamphetamine for 4 days straight with a gopro attached to a helmet and one attached to a chest cam. i'm working on editing the footage down to something reasonanable. at the very least i wanna make a mock gopro commercial of me shooting up. i also have cool footage of my meat theft crime spree. i have almost $300 of ribeye in my freezer now lol.
i did not wear dresses because i liked it (although i did like it). i wore dresses because it made me feel like a woman and that is what i really wanted.
i didn't know a piece of technology could make me this hard. i have no idea what that does and i love it.
i didn't like maegami kirisugita (mito's first single) very much but... this song is kinda nice.
i didn't mean to imply that i was somehow on the same level as moldbug; land, or yvain, or just about anybody who is much older than me and has spent many more years reading about this stuff. the point of that was to say 'hey look over there, where the actual smart people of nrx are, and pick on them!'. i figured you'd get more traction out of that than talking to lil ol' me.
i didn't want to harm the man. i thought he was a very nice gentleman. soft spoken. i thought so right up to the moment i cut his throat.
i didnt like these as much, i liked the ones that had me live after the fact. my favourite sub genre was also insertion, or unbirth, and i also preferred to refer to the whole fetish as endosomatophilia, the attraction to the feeling of being inside someone else. though perhaps thebiggest way this relates to my identity as a trans woman comes from a story that brings it back to feminine transformation.
i do not feel ashamed forthreatening them. i do not care that it is against the law (seriously? how much more of a fucking useless crybaby liberal can you fucking be?). what i care about is not fucking suffering anymore.
i do not have any contact with the rest of my family; they think i am a dangerous, disgusting pervert because my mom and aunt told the rest of our family about my porn browsing habits. ageplay, degrading bdsm, objectification of women variety of stuff (nothing illegal.. very obscene though); it likely is because i feel powerless and resent my own attraction to women because i am
i do not know but i truly believe that st. paul was and perhaps he should be nominated for patron saint of asexuality.
i do not know or understand every single thing; nobody knows everything. i am not perfect either; nobody is perfect. but i have read, re-read and read more than another time lesbianism in american history to fully appreciate the struggles and pains we soul sisters had to go through for our present and future generations!
i do not like eating. it is a chore and its nothing but a monthly bill. i wish there was a pill you could take for every meal that would give you all your required nutrients and vitamins and be done with food. i'll go a whole day and realize my hands are trembling and my stomach hurts because 'oh shit i haven't eaten anything'. you also can't just eat food, you have to have a balance of all the right kinds. or else you get malnourished. and
i do not think that the retarded should be ~allowed~ to come ~near~ children. children cannot deal, and should not have to deal, with the very tragic spectacle of a handicapped human being. when they grow up, they may give it some attention, if they're interested, but it should never be presented to them in childhood, and certainly not as an example of something ~they~ have to live down to.
i do not want to see token characteristics to appease some more vocal minorities who wouldn't have picked the game up in the first place.
i do still occasionally try to provoke attention within the ohio area by either wearing a clearly loli full graphic shirt in public or dragging along a loli hentai/ecchi doujin/manga.......but not once has anybody giving a rats ass.
i do think the current internet-everywhere-always culture means the bar for friendship/relationship creation/maintenance is much lower; if you don't have to invest much effort into meeting someone (see: dating aps) and there's essentially an endless supply of new people to swipe right on, why spend more time and energy gracefully ending a relationship that you don't see going anywhere when you could be investing that in the next person?
i don't believe we have ever had a truly capitalistic society. true capitalism is anarchy. i'm an anarchist.
i don't care about canon, i don't care about authorial intent, i demand queer representation and i will subvert and take away your spaces.
i don't care what you call it..i'm not going back to wearing mens underwear! my panties feel too good to switch back.
i don't care who you are, if you come to me with this 'oh the ten dollar forum isn't as bad as you say it is' tone cop shit, you're blocked
i don't deserve there i ends i have made it the good things i've experienced in this life. i'm the grand highblood, and i'm nothing but a terrible, terrible piece of shit and i will never make up for the atrocities i committed.
i don't doubt that asian women are, on average, better than current white women. but it's sort of like a phenomenal house that is 3 states away from where your family lives. it may be great, but the costs of it are not to be overlooked.
i don't get 'rock-hard' ones anymore and my penis is always soft.
i don't get this critique. there was a foreign attack which occured against an american holding of a japanese multinational. whoever offers the movie for download is likely to face a very public and immediate foreign response; reassurance from the white house of the military's willingness to co-ordinate response to any suck attack would be the correct policy decision.
i don't give a fuck. this is revolutionary queerness. this is dismantling the pointless colonial binary. you can't have this.
i don't go to /pol/ though. i'm not exactly a politically minded person. i do go to encyclopedia dramatica though so the offensive stuff wouldn't really bother me too much.
i don't have an opinion on a) dismaland b) whether bernie sanders is electable or not c) zimbabwean politics. i encourage you to excerise your right to also not have an opinion on shit you know nothing about.
i don't identify with a gender, no. however, the only thing i know about today's inventions is what a cogwheel is. not to say that my general ability is limited, howver. people look up to me, especially for my wits.
i don't know about you, but the longer i go without sex, i typically only get hornier, and only try harder to bed down a woman. i have no doubt the same applies to pedophiles.
i don't know if global warning is real. but many scientists do, so i want to err on the side of caution.
i don't like a lot of pua stuff that i've read about but i can say one thing for sure. it's important to get involved with activities that are physical and masculine.
i don't mind you people bc i want to be anon & learn more about alt right politics
i don't need to pay for the privilege to crap my pants and scream at the top of my lungs. i just did it in my room for free.?
i don't particularly care for the terms 'left' and 'right' and i don't think they're moral choices - just a great line with extremism at either end and centre in the middle. i was always rather fond of the way the old political compass website used to distinguish between left/right economics on one axis and authoritarian/anarchistic governments on the other.
i don't see the problem with consensual slavery. the real question is 'what do we do with people who break their slavery contract?'. there are certainly horrible answers to this question, but applying our existing rules for contracts (they would have to return the market value of the labor they failed to provide and can discharge that obligation through bankruptcy) seems pretty ok to me. what's your objection to consensual slavery that
i don't see the problem with white pride either. i bet none of these guys would tell a black/latino guy that african/latino pride is stupid. i'm don't really agree with what you said about not mixing races, i don't really care what people do or see it as a bad thing.
i don't see what's so repulsive about kino. everybody craves physical touch.
i don't think julie klausner is funny at all
i don't think they were trying to tell you your trauma doesn't matter either but of course terfs always like to play the victim and they never give a well thought out response for why their opponents are wrong. also, with more different people in bathrooms there are more people to stop violence in its tracks.
i don't trust nobody that's why i don't blink (yeah)
i don't usually ask astrology questions but i really wonder, why do i always catch myself having conversations in my head? is it because i'm a virgo? i talk to myself about literally everything and sometimes it's suffocating..
i don't want srs (at least i don't think so); i had heavily considered/dreamed of the possibility of hrt and srs but in the end it never quite felt right, i'd miss my dangly bits and so would my so if she would even stick around if i were to follow that route.
i don't want to be japanese. i enjoy being able to see my penis and being 6'4. my girlfriend is japanese and i study japanese, so i am interested in japanese music (not anime or manga).
i don't want to be friends with a girl!! i already have lots of friends.
i don't wear underwear and would sometimes not wash my shop pants for like a week of daily wear.
i dont care how uncomfortable it makes you or how gross you think i am, i have never loved my body more than i do now. nearly 200 kg of tall, fat self love! oh and duh, transsexual pride bitches! owning these tiny titties!
i dont care if she looks like the hulk and talks like morgan freeman and has a beard to rival thor and the hairiest chest and legs ever and wears a suit. if she tells you shes a girl, then shes a fucking girl.
i dont consider all black people to be half-savages. i mean, some people are. here in canada, for example, we have actual proper africans, not african-americans. this leads to problems, like people shitting on top of the closed toilets. they dont know how to use indoor plumbing, okay? this is not civilized behavior.
i dont consider all black people to be half-savages. i mean, some people are. here in europe, for example, we have actual proper africans, not african-americans. this leads to problems, like people shitting on top of the closed toilets. they dont know how to use indoor plumbing, okay? this is not civilized behavior.
i dont know what happened but i ate 5 dinners last night
i dont know what to do anymore. nobodys donating, my backs broken, meaning even the few things i could do before, i cant do anymore, and i can never have a caregiver again. maybe i should just give up.then i wouldnt be such a drain on resources, and i wouldnt be around to fuck up everyone elses life.
i dont really approve of turning good sci fi shit into a sort of runway fashion/skinny white girls making odd contorted poses with their hands/vaguely witchy/glitter makeup aesthetic sorry
i dont think we talk enough about fat feet. the extra padding the soles get, the pudgy toes, the way they become more and more bulbous. sometimes, i push my belly in to see down and its like they have chubbed up over night! and the first time my ankles jiggled when i got out of bed unph.&&newline<3
i dont want to be cis. im trans. im proud of that. sorry that confuses your shitty truscum worldview.
i dream about terfs and mras just killing each other off so that queers can stumble on in and take out spaces back without having to deal with those assholes.
i dressed up as ray for halloween a few years ago. i spent the entire party explaining to people what achewood was, but i expected that (in fact, i had a bunch of my favorite one-off ray strips printed out and handed one to anyone who asked about my costume)
i drink a whiskey and listen to the newsies soundtrack.
i dunno about manners but i've got two hands and two tools and no-one suggested you wouldn't put one in each paw.
i dunno... a lot of captain planet stories had a moral of 'let's blame all our problems on capitalism.' it's part of what made it a crap kind of show, nostalgia aside. cap also had some really gay outfit and ran around a lot, but depended on his personal army to actually get shit done.
i eat a high propotion of meat and seafood in my diet. most all of my health problems can be traced directly to a leafy veggie source
i eat a whole raw potato to get myself out of the mood.
i eat almond butter for breakfast. in a bowl. with nothing else.
i eats the 'pussy'
i ended up swallowing the clitoris and some pubes without chewing on it because she had her period then and the smell was just horrendous. but it was the first moment that i actually felt a sort of sexual pleasure in eating her, as if my inner body was on fire.
i enjoy a good poop. on the toilet or in my diaper. doesn't matter. sometimes it is nice to just relax and let it go in a diaper while watching a movie or something like that. plus toilet seats are not all that comfortable.
i enjoy doing laundry about as much as doing dishes. i get my clothing custom made in china for prices you would not believe and have new ones regularly shipped to me. thanks to synthetic fabrics it takes less water to make my clothes than it would to wash them, and i donate my used garments.
i enjoy her good food with her delicious milk, freshly squeezed from her teet
i even didnt warm it up because we decided to get rid of microwave for health reasons.
i even went as far as to imagine having to submit to body altering surgeries, such as plastic surgery to achieve a more piggish snout or pig ears, and being shaved bald.  and things like having permanent rows of teats down my belly, or at least implanted and tattooed nipple bumps, and a fake curly tail prosthetic grafted to my butt.  and maybe tooth caps to provide demure tusks.
i expect manners and grace.  no swearing, drunkenness, burping, sarcasm or anything else unbecoming of a lady.  i spend a lot of time working with and competing against men in my daily life, the last thing i need is the company of a woman who acts like the men i must compete with.  you exist to soothe, not to grate.
i fantasize about having a baby out my ass sometimes and then i ask god for forgiveness and he does.
i fear that all girls are secretly lesbian and one day every woman in the world will find men unattractive and then i'll no longer be able to date women.
i feel as if i was post to be a wolf. i want to run with my fellow wolf brothers and sisters. the feel of my paws and claws hitting the forest floor as i sprint is what i want. what i need. i am wolf kin.
i feel deep connection to the people of canada and the united kingdom and i hope to immigrate one of these days. i am doing as much as i can to make that possible.
i feel if i can find the end to the fibonacci sequence it will give truth to pi whether or not it simply ends or is in fact infinite.
i feel like yud's writing would be substantially more relatable and enjoyable if sometimes there were just random werewolves and bionicles.
i feel like anger at fake gamer girls and anger at transtrenders speak to basically the same anxiety and the same presumed inauthenticity of femininity
i feel like biologically female genderfluid people have it generally easier than biologically males like myself, but that could be just me. i mean..
i feel like my hype for steven universe is getting less and less by the day :/ any tips on how to excited again for when the show returns?
i feel like shit lately, having always to want yaoi and sex like this...i need help! and, the worst part is, i can't bring myself to ask for help.
i feel like those of us who are psychological identifying otherkin are forgotten about a lot of the time in the wider community.
i feel many of us are currently living in augmented reality right now via pokemon go because reality sucks right now and we would rather be in a simpler world.
i feel that my lack of memory during my childhood is probably a deciding factor on why i'm into the abdl scene. although i do have a memory of diaper-love that goes back to that vague haze in childhood. so maybe not. but, regardless, it may play into the equation.
i feel tired, disappointed, emotionally distraught, and sad.
i felt like garnet's song was really corny and out of place.
i figure if i copy what i see in porn and ero manga i'll be able to please a woman no problem.
i figure women occasionally get jealous of another woman who they feel are more attractive. well, maybe not every one, but that it does happen 'somewhat commonly'.
i find the trout to be a very nietzscheian fish.&&newline<kevin> trials of his wild existence find their way into the flavor of the flesh.
i followed my life motto: risk it for the biscuit.
i fond myself starring at the penises in porn and becoming arroused but still into the women. the basics of what i'm trying to get at are i would like to find someone to explore with sexually and open up my mind.
i forgot about the whole english is fake, and implanted in our braini forgot about it, and now im freaking out and paranoid about language because like forgetting it proves its real, theyre altering your thoughts. 
i found out what people do onto eachother when they participate in the act known as 'french kissing'. it is a rather disturbing image.
i fuck all day (ha) that's why i stink
i get a lot of searches for panty hoods, so here's some more.  this time with a spreader gag!
i get anxious and think of little other than all the interesting things online i want to look at/look up and what i'm missing out on. one time when i was in the hospital i tried breaking into the nurse's station so i could use their computer, and another time i tried escaping so i could go online.
i get teased a lot because of my boobs. i got mine because of gynecomastia but, none of the doctors can tell me exactly what caused it. i'm a 36h or g (us) so there's no real hiding them and braless is even worse.
i get that native americans are upset, i get it. that being said, this country would not be what it is today if the actions of our past were not taken
i give up. here i am. #genderlessqueer
i got involved with politics because i find the dynamics and the discussions interesting, not because i give a shit about other peoples opportunities
i got my start rping east coast states maryland and virginia
i got on the 'no 'poo (shampoo)' wagon a couple years back and it was rough going for maybe, 2 months? eventually your bodies self-cleaning mechanisms start doing their job again and my hair was looking better than ever. after realizing the human body was essentially self-cleaning i tried a 'no-wipe' regimen and holy cow, this was rough. constant itching and discomfort. frequently found spots on my undergarments. i cannot describe
i got undressed mommy we're waiting for me with a warm enema put warm water enema up my butt wasn't more than just a couple of minutes i have a poopy diaper now and i am a happy baby smoking some pot
i gotta admit, a big part of it is that i like these crazy challenges that don't seem to make any sense. it's just so ingrained in us that wearing shoes is awesome, and indeed it is often. i just wouldn't mind having a pair i put on when it's really necessary and letting'em hang free the rest of the time. i really hate buying shoes too. i'll probably get over it eventually and brush it off as silly, but reading on the people who do do it, they
i grabbed a fifty cent piece and told myself, okay, this is for real. if this coin lands on tails, im going to gain to 300. tails seemed very appropriate, all things considered. i flipped the coin, caught it, and closed my eyes for a moment. i took a deep breath, reaffirmed my commitment to abide this random result, and looked at the coin. tails. thus, a gainer was born.
i grew up inside a stripper that's why i'm trashed
i grew up reading my father's pat buchanan books, which also introduced me to immigration and demographics real-talk for the first time. i also discovered friedrich nietzsche at around the age of 16 and absolutely identified with most of what he was saying and read 'thus spoke zarathustra' at least a dozen times.
i guess just my roommate and i are the only ones who dislike the new season so far. we haven't seen stakes yet, (or the most recent bmo episode), but so far it all just seemed wrong. the root beer guy episode was fine, but the others gave us big problems.
i guess large groups of investors, pension holders, and the like aren't really people to you, just like the way nazis thought about the jews.
i guess this sort of gives us more clues about the eternal question: would [insert bioware protagonist here] be a top or bottom, too.
i guess this story missed a vital element, my struggle with addiction. i am addicted to weed, and now have chronic asthma and black lung. it contributed to my psychosis.
i guess what i'm trying to get to across this thin ice is that imho hormone induced psychological reframing (mentioned by fearful and horny often on bn) is a major nonsense.
i had a chance to visit farmedhere outside of chicago. billed as the largest usda certified organic vertical farming facility, it provides a glimpse at what agricultural growing might look like in the very near future  a smaller footprint, local and utilizing significantly less resources (namely water) to produce fresh produce.
i had a cross-reaction to gluten in may, due to over-consumption of dairy. and so i was trying a gf lifestyle
i had a deal of fetishes, and one now that makes sense to me is being an exhibitionist. but at the time, all i could do was prance around in cute lingerie in my house. id have this notion, this totally great notion, that maybe i could find someone on craigslist. maybe if i met someone there theyd come over and wed have awkward sex that would make me feel things ive beenwanting to feel and suddenly my sexuality would make sense!
i had a dream where me and my crush escaped from dragons. i took the leap, and hugged him passionately.
i had a long and arduous road accepting my back fat. i hated it. so i went and put a reminder on it. the tattoo means fighter in gallifreyan (can i get a what what, doctor who fans?!)
i had a prostate exam scheduled with my doctor a few weeks ago, and made a point of wearing some pink cotton panties under my boxer-briefs. he asked if they made me walk different (no), and said they looked very comfortable (yes). not sure that he wasn't wearing some as well. still not a fan of that exam, though.
i had a showerthought the ohter day that gg and related movements are really this generation's civil rights movement. the people in the civil rights movement were often treated similar to how gg supporters are being treated now
i had a somewhat similar experience. flat tire in a black neighborhood. not more than a minute after i got out and started the changing process, the local orcs started to form up across the street. luckily, they dispersed after i violently rapped my tire iron several times against the wall of my truck bed. i looked several of them directly in the eyes the entire time i was wailing away.
i had a tiny flaccid penis that became normal / average sized when erect. as in, i'm a grow-er not a show-er. after hormones, it is still tiny when flaccid and won't get fully erect at all on its own.
i had a tiny flaccid penis that became normal / average sized when erect. as in, i'm a grow-er not a show-er. after hormones, it is still tiny when flaccid and won't get fully erect at all on its own. my doctor prescribed cialis which works perfectly.
i had a urethral reroute. i have a hole on the underside of my balls. i sit to pee.
i had attributed it to being the type of man that falls instantly in to the friend zone. as a result, most of my adult life, thus far, i would tease that it was my lame super power. instant friend zone.
i had blood work done before starting soylent, and the results of the liver function and cholesterol tests were normal. after consuming soylent for breakfast & lunch daily for about 6 months, i retested. doc ordered a liver ultrasound, and sent me to a hepatologist for additional work that determined i now have fatty liver.
i had so many friends over there, in high school. and i was just sad to leave, after i graduated. 'cause i had to leave all my friends. i had the good life.
i had to fill out sentences and one was 'secretly _____________' so i put 'secretly i am a lolicon' but i erased it because that was a can of worms i don't feel like opening :cheers:
i had very bad experience with truscums, and i don't agree with all the transmed politics.
i hate bringing food to the airport and resent any travel companions who do because, in their attempt to control everything, they end up ruining all the fun. it may sound crazy, but i love eating shitty airport/airplane food. i've actually almost missed a flight because i was so determined to squeeze in an airport meal before getting on the plane. i also really like to drink at the airport and on the plane, usually beer at the airport and those
i hate homos!  men making love to each other curdles my blood!
i hate homos.  but i had more important things to do.
i hate how stalinists use a cool emblem to further their goals. just like i hate how nazis use the swastka to further their goals. corruption of symbolism. the worst type of symbolism.
i hate seeing your face, it makes me upset, why do i always have to silently pass by you in the hallways every goddamn fucking day ??? why cant i just kill myself so i dont have to be reminded everytime i see you of how much i hate myself and my stepdad
i hate these educational cat in the hat things where the cat in the hat teaches you shit about, like, healthy food or whatever. the cat in the hat is a chaotic neutral home invader whose information is highly questionable at best.
i have 80s glasses and i want shorter bangs but i don't want to look like a vicious disgusting twerf/swerf help me wise elder
i have avoidant personality disorder, and because of it i identify my romantic attraction as demiromantic. is that okay? or somewhat mixing my avpd in to my attraction is wrong?
i have numbers of pairs of dirty, crapped briefs.
i have numbers of pairs of dirty, crapped briefs
i have a gender terrorist patch on my radical queer political hoodie.
i have a yukio mishima tattoo. it's from a little illustration in one of his novels. overall it turned out looking more like a piece of broccoli than i intended..
i have a bubblegum woman that i hide from my mom under my bed. its got human hair on it that ive collected from unsuspecting women at the ubc library. i pork it with my red dog dick
i have a complex method of political evaluation: is it bad for baby trans girls? yes? then i'm fucking against it. it works perfectly
i have a few tulpas. just, i don't usually call them 'tulpas'. i have sort of a dreamworld, where it's like a crossover world of a few of my favorite fictional worlds, plus some original stuff. it's also where my girlfriend exists - and yes, she's a cartoon character. she's not a pony, though... that just sounds gross.
i have a fictive of baron von rotten that's in a median system with judge doom from who framed roger rabbit.
i have a huge crush on my brother in law. i want him in every way possible but i could never act on my feelings towards him...
i have a hunch you don't really know what anarchism, as in the proudhon type anarchism really entails do you? actually you know what fuck this lets agree to disagree since this obviously has already gone nowhere, although i have gained new respect for cjacobs.
i have a lot of confidence in our food supply.
i have a military uniform fetish (rather fond of maoist-era people's republic of china pla uniforms (1949-1976) , soviet army uniforms (world war ii to the collapse of the ussr (1939-1991) , anything from north korea (1945-present day) , south african army uniforms (sadf during apartheid) and communist east germany.
i have a mtf trans friend who is convinced that whenever they have anal bleeding, it's their period. (to be fair, for some reason, this person does have anal bleeding often, and should probably see a doctor about it. but it's not a fucking menstrual period and that's not how this works.)
i have a tiny butt >.< i wish it was bigger but it's not lol&&newline<3 yes i love batman as a well hehe thank you xafar for the edit and my little logo&&newline<3 i drew the little chibi please be nice about my little but it already makes me insecure.
i have a trans lesbian antivillainess who needs to be slowly taking over gotham city round about now, yeah.
i have a very bad masturbatory history. i was taught when i was 11 and, despite guilt, fear of insanity, etc. etc. i persisted. at a physical examination at a y when i was about 13, the examiner and the people with him called me out of the line because my testicles hung low and cautioned me about what would happen if i kept on masturbating...
i have access to uwajimaya in seattle (for any other seadopers.)
i have also started getting quotes and consultations for my liposuction, tattoo removal and electrolysis.  yay for forward progress.
i have been a bedwetter all my life.
i have been a member since 1956. most off what i read that is anti scientology i have never observed to be true. . i wish others would stop attacking my church and maybe attack their own church. scientology is for scientologists not for non-believers. thank you.
i have been a victim of cyberstalking and have my accounts banned because i am a black trans person who is very vocal about systemic oppression.
i have been addicted to masturbation for the past six years, since the end of my freshman year in high school. for the longest time, i enjoyed it. it was one of those few things in those dark times that kept me from killing myself. with every ejaculation, i felt relieved.
i have been doing this for nearly ten years and i could show you dozens of facebook pages of former streetwalkers, who got tired of living the life, married some blue pilled loser and live like any other southern housewife.
i have been living about 100% on milk and a little cream for five years now, every day i drink between one and two gallons of some kind of milk (skim, 1%, 2%, or whole) plus a little cream here and there, and hardly eat or drink anything else.  it has been fantastic for my health, reduced my pain, brought my weight down (165 pounds at six feet, one inch.)
i have been the sea witch in a low cut strapless dress that clung to the rolls of fat on my back, with thick arms bare and jiggling, and i have made deals for hearts that i then broke.
i have been uncomfortable with myself since before puberty. i made myself conform to what others expected of me. but, i was never really me. to be truthful, i've never known who i really was. whenever i started to sense who i was, i would suppress it since that was not who i was supposed to be.
i have crippling self-esteem issues that i make up for by being a megalomaniac at times. chiefly, i believe that i am the most intelligent human being ever to have lived. this is, of course, false, but i can't ever let myself think that, or else i wouldn't be me.
i have developed recipes for red star yeast, california olive ranch, king arthur flour, wisconsin cheese, imperial sugar, bobs red mill, dorot, and circulon, and i have relationships with brands such as microplane, avocados from mexico, driscolls berries and anolon.
i have done more for the cause of advancing womens rights than any of the people who are criticizing me. this so-called crisis is manufactured by ms. spelman as a way to increase her profile as a social justice warrior.
i have eaten fast food and only fast food for 80% of my meals for the last 15+ years ever since i was 4. still alive, op.
i have found that i am quite good with my tongue; i am very interested in eating pussy. and if you check out the female bonobo monkies, a lot of them are lesbians with each other; they have extended clitoris. and one can view the male part like an extended clitoris, regardless of what it actually is. put a condom on it, and rub the side against a clitoris, not only really does good for me, but i imagine and empathize stimulating for her as well
i have good reasons for not trusting people and finding it hard to connect. it's not using anything 'as a crutch', it's just how i am.
i have just been discriminated a again at the mcdonalds at forest lakes; do not go there either, or of you do, throw newspaper in the damn old bitchy, black woman's face!!!
i have just completed a seven week beginner's course for belly dancing....not only did i learn and benefit from the booty and bosom shake and rotate, but i have seriously improved in my posture with the repetitive practicing of the beginning belly dance posture, the belly tuck with untuck, and bosom thrusting. i might be exaggerating a bit; do not take my words out of context.
i have made another blog for littles and daddies who have been kink-shamed. if you would like to share your  story,  go ahead there and fill out an ask me box and i will share it and give as much support as i am able. it can also be anonymous as well. it will also allow people to submit post as well to share their story and gather support from other members.
i have mentioned several times here that i remember being changed as a toddler, either 3 or just under 3, several times
i have my home set up to turn off all the lights if i ever weigh more than 160 pounds.
i have naughty thoughts all the time . example : few days ago i had a black guy in front of me at the store and my mind wanted to beg him for his cock ( because my braisn thought about the big surprise in his pants ) . the more guys i see, the more cock i want, i even have disguesting thoughts of working in a brothel and the cock would be the remuneration.
i have never been more excited for a movie than i am for pride + prejudice + zombies
i have no sympathy with the politics of racists, but i don't think politics should decide the infrastructure of our social system.
i have not done laundry in years. i get my clothing custom made in china for prices you would not believe and have new ones regularly shipped to me.
i have not set foot in a grocery store in years. nevermore will i bumble through endless confusing aisles like a pack-donkey searching for feed while the smell of rotting flesh fills my nostrils and fluorescent lights sear my eyeballs and sappy love songs torture my ears. grocery shopping is a multisensory living nightmare. there are services that will make someone else do it for me but i cannot in good conscience force a fell
i have not set foot in a grocery store in years. nevermore will i bumble through endless confusing aisles like a pack-donkey searching for feed while the smell of rotting flesh fills my nostrils and fluorescent lights sear my eyeballs and sappy love songs torture my ears. grocery shopping is a multisensory living nightmare. there are services that will make someone else do it for me but i cannot in good conscience force a fellow soul through t
i have not taken a shower in over 12 years
i have nothing against girls with flat chests. really, they generally make for better character. but huge gazongas are like monster movies. sometimes you just gotta have some.
i have personally pretended to have a piss fetish for laughs on this forum so many times and in so many different contexts that if someone was really dedicated to searching my post history they could make such a good case for my legitimately having a piss fetish that i would be hard-pressed to convince people that i didn't.
i have spent many hours in therapy dealing with the fallout from cyberbullying. i have considered committing suicide, and turned to drinking as a way to medicate my anxiety. i now still struggle with the effects from this bullying.
i have started a longterm project of trying to modify and reimagine the chicago style hot dog. first, i had to make a control by remaking it at home as best as possible. after i have a good handful of tests i might just make a thread chronicling my progress and most likely many many failures.
i have this language because youre a dfab person whos constantly forgotten to check their privilege. your rhetoric disturbs me.
i have to say, there's something exciting about downing hundreds of calories in a single swallow or two.  it's almost like a magic fattening pill.  i know that there are many among the feeding set who would say i'm missing out on most of the fun of gaining by gaining through not-so-pleasant-tasting means like drinking oil... rather than overeating lots of food and sugary treats.
i have to wear pullups now when in vanilla/sissy/sissy maid mode now! when i'm with her around&&newline<kevin> also i'm not allowed to use the big girls bathroom no more! i have a special princess potty throne that she has decorated for me to use as in her eyes im no longer an adult but a servant and her little prissy girl!
i have very high confidence in my logic and believe i am on the moral high ground, if i may say so. not that you would be at fault, but i stand by my words and will repeat them to everyone who wants my help.
i have walked on a nude beach in my diaper. i don't leave my diapers out in the open, it would be unintentional if i did. i once left a bag of my used diapers in the garage and the bag fell open and one of them was exposed for anyone to see if they look at the bag. that was how my mom knew i had pooped in a diaper because that diaper was left wife open showing everyone what i did in it and my mom told me she doesn't want me giving her any infor
i have weird fetish. girls freezing and shivering in snow, cold rain, locked in freezer room etc. thanks everyone who posts it. i like it when women shiver with cold and when they naked or wear summer clothes in winter.
i have worn a couple of my more modest crop tops at home with my roommate around, and he has asked what im wearing each time. not in an intentionally malicious way, but in a way that still makes me internally question whether i should be wearing it.
i have, for most of my life, been a fan of authoritarianism. i'm a person who craves structure and order. freedom is both an illusion and a nightmare to me. kings and emperors worked for a lot our history, why do we need something else?
i haven't had a zima in approximately seven months and it feels like an eternity...
i haven't had a cookie in a year and a half. but it totally worth it i've lost 60 pounds no a no carb no sugar diet! i'm am so loving my body!
i haven't seen it yet and i'm sure law enforcement is messed up, but frankly i'd totally been ok if they dragged the fucker out behind an alley and unloaded on him.
i haven't seen it yet and i'm sure law enforcement is messed up, but frankly i'd totally been ok if they dragged the fucker out behind an alley and unloaded on him.&&newline<kevin> police have shot people that were just minding their own business, fuck mr. avery.
i heard your shit comeback saying my name with that gun chat your mom's box smells like a muskrat
i highly recommend this to every dude who goes around shirtless: wear a muscle bra. because nobody, and i mean nobody wants to see your dog-gone ugly pecs, they're so ugly and repulsive, ugh... creeps everybody out.
i hired a crack-/meth-head mother & daughter team from craigslist to clean the house in sexy maid outfits (i swear to god) they weren't hot
i hit puberty at like 11. when i saw an anime milkmaid in a danish magazine ;o
i honestly believe this is a case of a younger girl using her vagina to her advantage and getting a completely innocent man in trouble for sleeping with her.
i honestly can't remember when was the last time i changed my sheets. i'm sleeping in a tracksuit so it doesn't really matter. the only exception is when i shit myself in the bed and the diarrhea soaks through my pants. had to flip the mat over that one, it just kept smelling bad.
i hope they have a place to go. meanwhile that sounds great they are strengthening their hold on jerusalem.
i hope this game has really dark scenes, like detailed deaths and abuse, while mixing in a fun like feeling!
i hope to get some taken with my stroller and soon to be crib. any advice would be help full. i also need advice on tampons. to be more specific how do you keep track of how long you have one in. i have to use in the back door. i put one in yesterday. i just found out that it was still in. i estimated it was in for 20 to 26 hours. good thing i am not a girl.
i hope to one day make the first abdl anime ever. let me know if you have any thoughts or requests. ide be happy to work something out with you. enjoy and stay diapered! - pullups247
i hope you end up with a nasty vagina-having trans dude who beats you since you love assigned vagina at birth fucks so goddamn much
i hope you get cheated on numerous times by whoever is dumb enough to get together with you i the first place ;3
i humbly request that you or your wife will find me a young lass by the time i come home because i can no longer keep my virginity because it is becoming so heavy on me that i cannot speak of it. because of this, much esteemed and valued innkeeper, do your best to get one for me that knows how to handle that but you do have to make sure that she isn't smelly or dirty because the devil sleeps with that but i don't. but if you find
i identify as femme-presenting genderqueer - before i first heard that term i used to say that my gender identity was drag queen - and i have always loved the performativity of fashion, hair, and makeup.
i identify as a queer-as-fuck pansexual and poly male-to-female persyn, leaning androgyne and very anti-capitalist. im not really a girl, but im definitely not a boy either. im something else. i have been on estrogen, how i continue with my gender transition is a very personal matter. i feel my transition is a fluid and working laboratory of gender to experiment, but nonetheless  i love my queer body.
i imagine peridot as a trans demigirl, and she totally has a huge crush on lapis and jasper.
i just don't get what is to get from pissing off the usa. chile are buddies with them and they have it pretty good down there, colombia are buddies too and their economy is a million times better than ours when just a few years ago it used to be the opposite.
i just don't think we should force all people follow to the same path, though i'll acknowledge doing so has some real benefits, and the alternatives have some real problems. i get that children can't be trusted to make good decisions, but that's what parents are for. and if their biological parents aren't allowed to parent them, then the government takes their place, and that isn't always going to be for the better.
i just got high. right infront of my momthers eyes just as she cried. a+ daughter, right?(;
i just got in with it last night with a liberal on facebook about all this supposed racism: show me the evidence! give me one single solitary example of racism between the police and blacks, where is it?
i just got my permit and im 17 and i turn 18 in like a week. ik u can get ur lucense at 18 but is there a certain amount of time i need to have my permit b4 i get my license
i just got soylent 2 days ago so i tried it. it was great. i saved a bunch of time. the third day rolls over and i'm just walking. suddenly i faint. i got admitted to the hospital an the doctors told me it was from a potassium deficiency.
i just had a long conversation with my old girlfriend which now wants to play my mommy she's going to come down for a couple weeks and playing with mommy not only is she going to pay my mommy and me and let me eat her pussy
i just joined tumblr and i don't know exactly what i want to get from it. all i know so far is that i am so addicted to sissy fantasies! i have many interests that enjoy talking about: panties, bras, bondage, strapons, cock, chastity, cuckold, bbc, humiliation, domination, kidnapping, being whored out, and many more!
i just know that i turned 21 a half an hour ago, and theres nothing better than a tall boy, and some according to jim.
i just made a godawfully disgusting salad made almost entirely of bitter greens: escarole, spinach, bok choy, dandelion greens and flat-leaf parsley.
i just realized im a normie
i just realized that the entirety of my calories from this past 24 hours have come from multiple bowls of quaker quick outs and peanut butter.... i really need to make a proper grocery run.
i just recently ate sweet potatoes for the first time in my life as a side dish on a bbq.&&newline<kevin> i was amazed! what's your take on it? are those healthy? are there some cool recepies?
i just remembered a story about how i learned the word condom.  i was talking to my friend in middle school about cat condos and how they make good scratching posts.  she thought i said condom because she heard an m.  so then for a while, i thought the misconception was that i said comdo.
i just spent a whole minute just lookin' at myself without my shirt on, and it with- with my bra- with my bra on. j-just lookin' at myself in the mirror for one minute, studying myself. it was like, you know, i mean, you know, at first i didn't know what to think, that's, like you know- that's why i sit in the mirror and look- took a good long- took a good one- took a good long look, there.
i just spent an hour shaking and sweating trying to psych myself up to buying a piece of ikea furniture because i am a mature adult.
i just started soylent, i'm on day 2, and i'm having explosive diarrhea. has anyone else experienced that? might i be doing something wrong?
i just think hitler hate is so easy, and is a reflection more of being seduced by post-war and wartime propaganda than it is the attempt at objective facts.
i just took my involuntary celibacy and made it voluntary. if i can put it like that. basically i stopped caring. everything else improved in my life.
i just walked into the room with a diaper and my princess shirt and i said mom we need to talk.
i just wanna be a cute fat sissy and i need a cute girl to feed me lots pls and do my nails
i just wanna be fatter and dumber please make me an immobile mindless blob
i just want a break, i don't want to feel like i'm carrying around a loaded gun all the time. would it be a sin to seek medication that could suppress my libido? is that cheating god somehow?
i just want a zombie apocalypse movie where the infection is sexually transmitted so in the end only a ragged band of asexuals are left to save the world
i just want every communist/socialist to read the tragedy of the commons
i just want my stomach to balloon outwards and my breathing to be shallow and heavy and i crave that distended, stretched feeling when your stomach is so firm and stuffed oh my god i want it so badly
i just want restroom segregation to end.  it causes problems, on a day to day basis and is predicated upon the notion that people fit into simple groups and splitting them up makes sense.  the stakes seem higher, and the incidence seems higher by at least one order of magnitude. ?
i just †have had a wonderful day. getting off to really good trans  positive porn my roomate gave me and feeling good about myself, hairy  ass and all. keep your chins up fellow transfolk.
i kept my eyes closed and all i could hear was evil laughter and steve urkels voice saying 'did i do that?' over and over in different tones, that's when i lost all bodily function, i seized up stiff as a board and pissed and shit myself
i knew i wanted a transition and i was so jealous of all the girls at college that looked pretty and had boys talking to them and all those things,
i knew so many trans and gnc cuties in this post! beautiful.
i know i can never be as skinny as i used to be even if i really wanted to.  that's a sheer impossibility at this point.  but that body is gone for good.  now my body is softened for a lazy life of ease.  i wouldn't be able to pull pants i wore back then past my lower thighs now (i know, i tried).  i've been overweight or obese for over 10 years now.  there's no coming back from that.
i know all romantic comedies/chick flicks and twilight clones are lies and not what i would really want(or anyone would want) in a relationship. thus i'm much more grounded with love.
i know it says gender - female. well, im a guy believe it or not. but when i get asked 'whats your gender?' i usually say female, if you ask me why... just to get this out of the way im transgendered.
i know it was promised, because at the end of the slideshow they had at the prom, it had a huge message stating, 'see you at the reunion in ten year.' i am no longer going to take the insubordination and belaboring-to-no-promise-keeping sitting down anymore.
i know it won't be cheap. i have to really find out what it cost in canada. but yes i am tired of dreaming of it. i don't care if i have to hide in a house for a year... i want to be a girl. i want tits, i want a vagina. i really don't want to have tat junk between my legs anymore. for the curious people it all works great but i just don't want it. i don't think i would want to be with a man really either. just want to be able to be a girl...we
i know psychics can read photos. i do not consider myself psychic but many tell me i am. i just know i am sensitive and i hear spirits. i do not tell futures. if i did, i would be making money reading people and spending less time here that's for suresmile
i know that saying this makes me a unlikely nerd parody straight out of big bang theory, but although i have never kissed anyone i can not understand
i know that the united states started remaking the nihilistic horror films that japan had been churning out for decades, and i know that this is because after 9/11, we became the second modern, industrialized nation to experience the effects of weapons of mass destruction detonated over a civilian area.
i know this may sound like a stupid idea, but i am thinking about getting one of those things to put in the ground to put real estate ads in, and putting advertisements about myself you know for a girlfriend. obviously i am not going to do what. but that shows you how lonely and desperate i am. this thing would be placed literally in front of my house.
i know we often mock gg for masturbating to (pre-pubescent) anime. but for real masturbating to drawn porn is generally far less problematic than masturbating to real life/commercial porn, an industry which is still rife with exploitation, rape and perpetuates negative misogynist attitudes towards women and sex in general.
i know you didnt say anything to me but im getting really defensive that maybe you judged me for being white please alleviate me of my white guilt thank you
i know you don't want to vote for sanders cos you're a communist, but wouldn't it make sense to vote for him purely because his ideals align most closely with yours out of any candidate? he may not be a communist but wouldn't it still be progress towards achieving your goal through encouraging economic systems that provide for all?
i know! it sounds like common sense... you don't even need to be a boy or girl, if you don't feel like it!
i know!† it sounds like common sense... you don't even need to be a boy or girl, if you don't feel like it!
i laughed, cried, and soaked my panties in this wonderful mix of coming of age, sexuality, exploration, and finding out that the world around you may not be so vanilla after all.
i left the toilet seat up just once and look at the diapers they're making me wear!
i like boobs, but i also like low taxes and minimal regulations.
i like it when my partner has me lick the toilet
i like my girls like i like my microsoft word documents: saved.
i like queer, conscious, honest types who like to make things and wonder out loud. let's be awake together.
i like saying girl instead of woman because it sounds cuter and i want to feel cute god damn
i like shooting paper plates myself. i put them up @ 100yds. i'm sure that once i have more practice, i'll be able to better hit the plates with my 91/30.
i like the ensemble darkhorse character's face heel turn into a complete monster and woobie destroyer of worlds due to scp foundation's spartan way style tests and treatment but the author's failure to sell the character's origin story in a domed hometown and magitek means it doesn't really work. downvote.
i like to be weird and random online. im gay and retarded. i love to eat greasy turds and suck the brown turd grease from between my teeth. i post things that are disgusting because im a numb sad shithead and it gives me a slight jolt of endorphins. my dick is extremely small and split upen like a hot dog that was left in a camp fire
i like to go when the urge hits me no matter what i'm doing. if i'm not busy, sometimes i'll crouch behind a chair like i did when i was a 'real' child. i do a lot of sewing, so that's generally what i'm doing when i have to go.
i like to put a couple fresh slices of american cheese between two honey buns and make grilled cheese.
i like urban renewal, neil gaiman, and pointing out that im straight but not narrow
i like weird bodies and weird gender, fantastical representations of sexuality. my issue is actually that a lot of these depictions arent that at all! theyre really standard, reinforcing our deeply held and unconscious beliefs about gender and sex.
i liked this movie, because i agreed with what it was saying.
i listened to a college lecture today where the lecturer said everybody hated stalin and that he arbitrarily murdered everyone around him because he was paranoid they might 'take away his power'. the only person he ever trusted was his ally hitler who stalin never thought would ever betray him.
i listened to almost the entire 'music scholar' before i realized it was a bit when i recently started getting into this show.
i literally cannot believe that you posted this with a straight face. after what japan did in china and all over the south pacific during wwii, you have the nerve to call the nuking of hiroshima and nagasaki barbaric?
i live in a red state. i don't have the luxury of acting like all corporations are the ultimate evil. you know what? big businesses are one of the few forces that red state republicans fear, and i'll take what allies i can when the issue is whether i and fellow queer folk have human rights or not.
i live in a red state. i don't have the luxury of bashing the democratic party as 'corrupt.' (the local republicans do that just fine, and by the way, 'corrupt' is their code for 'run by black people,' so you might think about that.) i need a candidate who supports that party, who supports down-ticket races, and who doesn't go around bashing the
i live in a state which is notoriously conservative. ive seen an agender person in my city get turned down repeatedly when seeking t
i live with a vanilla housemate. when you're a total pervert, people tend not to mention it. except when they're drunk. then they might ask why you make a crinkling sound when you sit down for breakfast in the morning. or why you have a massive pile of nappies in your room.
i livestreamed the trial. if the transcripts are available, they might have it. basically trayvon had gotten home and precious (via cell phone) speculated that creepy-ass cracker zim-zam of following trayvon because he wanted some of trayvons succulent boipussy. iirc an enraged trayvon then headed back out to prove his heteronormativity via fisticuffs and got snuffed by a fat black- jewish- white- hispanic guy.
i love agumon so much. i prayed to him for the life i've been given. agumon is love i said. agumon is life.
i love iceland and i have waited a long time to return, but i shall leave the harpa concert hall to their cannibalistic flesh-eating bloodlust.
i love my little pony, i am a pegasister in fact. i am also a christian wolf therian. i may appear like a human physically, but inside i am a true wolf.
i love panic! at the disco. brendon urie is the love of my life and i spend 90% of my time worrying about ryan ross.
i love undertale's fans. even the smut seems to be sweeter and happier than usual.
i love bacon. theres no replacement that quite equals the taste of the real thing (trust me, i grew up in a turkey bacon household). and id give anything to eat it again. but 10 years ago, my kidneys failed, and to stay alive and healthy, i started a very low-sodium diet. which, in turn, meant saying goodbye to bacon.
i love being treated like an animal. i love when my dom walks me around on a leash, public or not. kinksters shouldn't have to explain themselves or apologize. as long as its not illegal what do you fems care? oh yea, its the patriarchy right?
i love everyone who comes up with lgbt+ headcanons for cis, het, and cishet characters and bringing in more representation. from the trans fenris, to the ace bi solas and the demi justice. i love you all.
i love how every day ends with me falling asleep so stuffed i cant move and i wake up the next day even fatter
i love how some folks complain about paying rent as if they have no choices, as if they're somehow indentured servants or serfs beholden to the landed gentry or something.†the truth is you do have choices, even in tough times. find a way to save money for a down payment and buy some property. maybe even become a landlord yourself.
i love it when people abuse free market capitalism to fuck people over
i love little food hacks like these...i used to be a nightmare in the kitchen, but since i've liked this page i've become so good that my husband thinks i've been replaced by an alien. he freakin' wishes!
i love making fun, and sexy sissy, transgender, sissy baby captioned images, and as well as pixel art! you can watch me if you'd love to see my stuff i'm coming out with all the time!
i love my fat belly so much omg and my body growing wider and rounder every day im such a lazy pig and i wanna fuck somebody but our bellies get in the way
i love myself, i wrap myself in wings and feel warm, i am holy, i am a messenger of my father and he loves me, i am beautiful as he has made me so, i am wonderful. i am loved by all kinds, i am a divine gift, i radiate light and warmth and huddle among my kind. i am a being of love and light, and i am good. as father made me, i am holy.
i love putting on a nappy, going down the supermarket and shitting myself in front of everyone.
i love sex. i love naked people. i love porn. i am a feminist. and i dont think all porn exploits women.
i love star trek. it's wonderful... its amazing. every beautiful human and cool alien fills me with happiness as i watch their adventures. pew pew - the sound of a star trek laser gun is the most wonderful music i've ever heard.
i love that the ways trans men argue for female socialization being a part of their personality is almost always done in the most fucking dude/mansplain-y way possible. like, theres not anything female socialization-y about portraying women who disagree with you as aggressive, hysterical, unintelligent, irrational bitches who dont care enough about mens problems and need to cite sources on rape culture.
i love the word fuckboy. after so many years of constantly hearing slut, skank, and whore mainly used as insults against women, its great to have one specialized for men. its great that were coming together to call out annoying, perverted, irrelevant men by calling them fuckboys. i love it. more, please.
i love these videos but i think that the evil giantess videos could benefit from some more evil. the friendly giantess videos are damn near perfect but your evil giantess videos could be more menacing. perhaps more threats to hurt the viewer? other than that the video was great and very relaxing?
i love to wear adult diapers. i get horny when i go boom-boom.
i love touching and tasting! i'm a courtesan at the world famous moonlight bunny ranch. lets make a playdate! i love to play and take my time having fun.
i love you pepito :)
i love you, my smoogie woogie mommy
i loved oblivion, i played it about 400hours on the xbox360!!! it was great... :d
i loved this place but we are not in korea and i appreciate your rules but too many make us americans annoyed. i like talking to people so no talking everywhere is cultish. i don't like wearing a cap on my head we dont have lice. i think soften the rules let people talk have two quiet rooms and 1 quiet tub would be good. the place is really unique and a must for spa loving enthusiasts!!
i made a decision once i realized i was losing weight to be extremely neutral about it with myself. i even made it a spiritual challenge, to see myself as just a soul having a human experience, that my body is going to change no matter what i do (hello, aging) and that this was just another change.
i made a painting inspired by a photo that a girl sent me of her masturbating. but my parents are visiting, and i dont want them to see it. i feel like as an artist i need to express my truest thoughts. but at the same time, hiding those thoughts seems necessary to maintaining normal relationships
i made chicken stock over the weekend in my brand new giant stock pot. i somehow managed to add way too many fresh herbs, which added enough chlorophyll to turn it this hideous blackish-green color. now i have two and a half gallons of swamp water that tastes like chicken stock. my polenta is going to look like baby poop.
i made menstrual blood cookies! i am not entirely happy with how they turned out, so i am going to experiment withsome recipes throughout the rest of this mount so i can try for something great next cycle. this recipe was far too floury.
i make my own waterproof pants out of pul. it is more comfortable and breathes better than rubber or plastic.
i make porn i guess? maybe? i've never cared because†i don't think there's a clear line between sex work and not sex work
i may as well vote republican, because the people fighting for marriage equality, racial equality and better immigration will still attack, demonize and depersonalize, as you have done, the mentally ill.
i may be a virgoon but at least i don't post in post 10/31/2013 gbs.
i mean a lot of spd or autistic ppl use pacifiers as a stimmimg thing or comfort object i mean.. adults using them isnt inherently bad
i mean the whole purpose of this post is to show of my tush. sooooo yeeeeah. behold my bodacious bottom. simply astounding one might say idek just tagging for fun now. oh hyeah~ slightly nsfw? nsfw because my bum and underwear not to mention my cat on the sofa. woman trans woman i'm often patting out beats upon my rear idly as i think about what to wear cause i'm cool like that it's so very true
i mean yeah ur still at fault because someone identifying as nonbinary is them experiencing something in their life that has nothing to do with you. its pretty easy to just respect someones personal expression without having everything detailed out to cater to your lack of understanding.
i mean, i don't mention that i have a dick all the time like girls on this forum always say 'vagina'.
i mean, i guess this is about proper care, and also, you should parkour:
i mean, i like the idea of a girl gaining weight. but maybe not like, hundreds of pounds? i think a cute weight gain of like, 20, 40 lbs would be nice. i think its mostly just seeing a round, stuffed belly that i like the most from being a feeder.
i met someone who keeps a spreadsheet of the width and girth of every stallion hes ever slept with. that objectifies the animal, and it removes the personal relationship.
i might be the only one but i'm sort of glad that he got shot. he was a 6'4'' 290lbs imposing individual, he robbed a store, he tried to grab a cop's weapon, sometimes instant karma happens, the fates align and people get what they deserve.
i might be treated as if i was suffering from some kind of body dysmorphic disorder, where i was trapped in the wrong body, that my real body was overweight and unwell, and that transforming me was the only cure to give me peace of mind.  rehabilitation through destruction.
i might be white, but i can respect another nationalist who won't listen to zionist lies. agree with lits of what you say lately. good luck.
i might do problematic things, like anyone else, but a single post on here can be worse than my quota for an entire month. it's pure concern trolling. if you just want to document weirdos and talk about them it's one thing. even if you're going to post stupid shit about them to make you feel more normal. but several people here are acting like they're somehow better human beings when they've no problem propping up or even saying some of the
i miss my 'severe obesity' label
i miss the usenet days where people actually had similar opinions to me and it was still a 99% male space where women were universally hated - long before fuckbook, twatter and young engineered brainwashed by colleges into becoming social justice warriors.
i moved into my own college dorm, my first time living alone, and i was really excited about being to wear without hiding it, but after college dues, books, school supplies, gas, and other costs, i am completely broke!&&newline<kevin> is there a super cheap diaper/pullup that can actually handle wetting/mess? i have almost no money left, but really wanted the opportunity to wear something bulky instead of the super thin stuff i have been hiding.
i must also write that otherkin is not a phase, or a tumblr thing. it is a widely felt spiritual belief that many others associate with, dating back decades. not a choice or a fad.
i myself am a victim of the gays attempting to permanently corrupt me
i myself am gender-fluent and cross dress a lot, i just got sick of how some people treated me and expressed it through my art.
i need a few of these for my zombie apocalypse back pack
i need feminism to get its shit together and maybe start acknowledging and undoing some of the damage its done to trans women in the last half-century while were at it.
i need no law to make me the master. i am a master and no one will slander me by saying that a law makes me so.
i never minded mike & molly and at times thought it was a sweet show. the last season though was just not that good. i like the actors who play mike & molly and think they work great together. the rest....not so much.
i never wanted to be cis; rather i want the privilege afforded to cisgender people. i would demand that my physical traits not call my identity into question, and that i feel empowered and beautiful while wearing them.
i no longer have a penis. this was not a medically necessary procedure at all. it was done with the encouragement of some people i met online, in august of 2010, seeking attention, seeking admiration, but once it was done, these people faded away quickly, and today i have to live with the results of my admittedly poor choices.
i now know the answer is that no man ever grows up in the eyes of a womanor ever grows familiar with the rules for dealing with her.
i now like to enjoy gay porn originating from some of the most sophisticated japanese animes around.
i often do not want to cum as then the sexual dynamic changes completely. i become docile, loving, grateful, cuddly, sleepy, etc... can you say b e t a? try fucking your girl and not coming at all. you will feel your male energy surge and stay with you all day. your woman will feel in debt and want to get you to orgasm with/in her and will work to do so.
i once came into proximity of a fursuit that stank of stale pee, the sort of smell you find in a dirty public toilet. i am not sure whether the wearer had a medical problem or had been using the suit for water-sports, in any case yuck!
i once hit a dog with my car and told the owners i found it that way.
i once pretended to have a psychotic episode and smashed a macbook with a bat to keep my brother and his fiancee from stumbling across pictures i photoshopped of her giving birth to me.
i once went through a friend of mines mothers underwear drawer and tried on a pair of her panties and one of her bra's. the weird thing is that i'm a guy.
i order 20 dollars worth of breakfast and im not sure the words.in italian bit it was disgusting i just threw my order.in the trash i wish i could of.taken a picture..never will i order from.here.again!!
i own the term baeddel (which has historical/alchemical meaning going back centuries) for my own reasons and as part of my own understanding of who and what i am.
i personally am a marx-leninist myself, and i have sympathies for trotskyism. i think social revolution is the main catalyst for economic equality.
i personally think that food oriented fetish is kind-of hot. there is a scene in exit to eden where the male main character uses cinnamon and butter and a bare nipple, and proceeds to suck it off.
i plan to use it as a cautionary tale forever. 'if you want to have sex, perhaps do not get so drunk that you cannot tell the difference between a flower tattoo and a swastika. because you must forever live with the knowledge that you humped a neo-nazi.'
i politely questioned our oriental friend about this matter. he gave me famous coy smile and said that he has always admired my keen and intuitive mind. with that he squeezed my hand and recited a chinese proverb about the inquisitive mind.
i pooped my diaper again last night and almost died from the smell. it smelled like it was 1000 degrees hot. i literally almost puked. that almost never happens. i just plugged up my nose and pretended the smell wasn't there and enjoyed my poopy diaper. something funny did happen. my cat hid under the bed as if the smell was too much to handle.
i post & game during school hours exclusively.
i post at an internet message board site called soundcircuit. my handle there is 1ton. anyway, one time this other poster named souljasno posted a picture of his dick. i never told anybody but i masturbated to his picture several times. i think i have a crush on this guy but i don't consider myself gay.
i post long ass comments that nobody reads, and cry whenever i look in the mirror
i pray the soul of my father gives you all nightmares
i prefer cloth diapers and plastic pants because that's what i grew up wearing. i suppose i miss the era where parents (moms, especially) had to take the time and trouble to deal with cloth diapers--not like modern times where parenting seems to be a chore and people just want kids as status symbols. parents nowadays are too tired and too busy to raise kids the way i was raised.
i prefer my vidya without sjw propaganda
i prefer they/them/their or ze/ze(m)/zir. in french i prefer ol/mo such as: 'ol is littlexena, mo follower.' of the 'welcome to my twisting mind' fame.
i previously debated on television.  a radicalist liberal group planned to crash the debate with their own protest.  i was tipped off that they were planning a stunt the night before.  i called the radical leader on the phone and he started crying on the phone, saying that 'you republicans are so mean.'
i publish zeal, a home for new voices and perspectives in the art & crit of comics & games. i'm extremely cute and my tweets are indefensible garbage.
i pulled out of her mouth and i put it in her eye
i put mayonnaise on everything  that's how i eat
i put this in everything! all of my baked breads have improved textures and i'm adding tons of healthy bacteria to anyone's body who eats it!!! it acts as a pre-biotic in the intestines which strengthens the immune system.
i quite like the flavour of cannabis, but i don't much like smoking. so i made cannabis pizza once. it wasn't too bad, although, weirdly, cannabis & cheese tastes a bit like broccoli.
i read a book about hitler in fifth grade and i liked his ideas.  it always pissed me off that america was a diverse cesspool while other countries were ethnically pure.
i read a lot of greek literature over the summer, the iliad and the odyssey and homer and shit. insane stuff, man
i read the wikipedia page after i saw the fusion dance and i still do not understand. what is dragonballz? it looks like it's just some japanese guy who gets really angry and fights things. i thought animes were supposed to be artsy colors of ennui shit. is the entire show about a guy with hair gets angry and fights?
i really believe that i am rather obsessed with sasuke uchiha, but unfortunately it may be to the point i actually want to become sasuke uchiha --- that is the part that is getting some people all upset with me.
i really did not want to do this. but you know what? fuck it. i am a 16 year old boy. my gender matches my sex given from birth. i am white. i am straight. i am not a furry. want my opinions on the world? ask me.
i really do not like carrots. you might already realize that since ive mentioned i dislike all vegetables except for corn and potatoes, but i do. i couldnt possibly have carrots in my cake unless they were undetectable, so i used the really fine grater of my food processor. ive also used a microplane zester but that took a long time!
i really like the physical sensation of getting messy and i'm about 99% certain there's a kin-related reason for it i can't pin down but of the few people i've trusted with this information, every single one has tried to write it off as just a fetish because i can enjoy it in a sexual context but i just. no. no that is not it. please stop.
i really love your feet very much! you are a great person!
i really think that lesbian separatism is not only vital in our creation of womyn-centered consciousnesses but is a vital in preparation and agitation for the overthrow of men. we need a space to fall back to when this war comes to the surface and we need that space to have a base of lesbian power.
i really want to like cisfeminism. but 9 time out of 10, what cisfeminists say is dripping in cissexism and transmisogyny.
i really wasnt planning too much tumblring today and then someone told me to eat glass and suddenly i remembered the importance of what i do. me and the rotating dozen or so people for whom i am like, a formative intellectual for a while. :p
i really, really want to be shot by cops. i love to antagonize cops just so they have an excuse to shoot me. im also in the bloods. my job with the bloods is gun shooter
i recognise the whole article is about stereotypes, but could we please lay off the vegan-bashing ('vegan earth mother')? to be a vegan does not mean you are a hippie or a breast-feeding fanatic.
i relate to it because i want to go on an adventure&&newline<kevin> but i am a weak man.
i relish the idea that i'm isis's nightmare: trans, gay, jewish, cia, and worst of all, female.
i remember even having to wear diapers on my birthday. they kept asking me how old i was. when i told them, they would say no your not, your only two, cause i was wearing diapers. they even got a cake that said i was 2.
i remember from as far back as age three that i loved my diapers. i distinctly remember having erections every time i looked down at my thick white diapers bulging out from between my bare legs and i indulgently felt the poop in the back of my diapers and savored the naughty smell.
i remember it was pampers i wore. one of my earliest memories was when i was about 4 and my brother was still in diapers. one of the neighborhood girls was over at our house and we began to play with my brothers pampers. pampers have always been my favorite diapers (especially the old plastic thick ones). as others have mentioned the baby powder like scent draws me to them.
i remember once i was making out with a boyfriend (because i thought that what you were supposed to do with a boyfriend. i wasn't too into it to be honest) and he asked me how i was feeling. i think he was expecting an much different answer but i basically said that i was hungry and wanted to go eat already. his face dropped faster than an anchor on dry land. needless to say, that relationship did not last long.
i remember only bits and pieces of my life prior to being four years old. i do, however, remember how difficult i was to potty train and how i loved to poop in my pants. i even remember my favorite spot to crouch, and one vivid memory of taking a grand poop while playing with my toy train set. sadly, i have no recollection of wearing a diaper as a baby but i have a not-so-fond memory of castoria and something called a 'suppository.'
i remember quite well the cloth diaper and plastic pants i had on, but no longer remember whether it was wet/soiled or not. given my feelings at the time, it wouldn't surprise me if i had wet myself.
i remember thinking that it was very strange that i would eat leaves as, like, a human.
i run one of the largest tumblr pages dedicated to the 'sissy' fetish. basically men that want to be transformed into women, want to be used as sex objects, to be degraded, etc. personally, i did have this fetish once, but it was during a porn addiction phase which i have since recovered from.
i said it already but street feet is no joke. i had a client deglove his foot when he peeled off his months-old socks, they had fused to the skin with blood and filth.
i saw a lot of hugging, a lot of hugging between indie devs. literal physical hugboxing. that is all.
i saw apartheid as a method of protecting a civilized nation etched out of a continent of savages. it was an oasis of civilization - for a time. eventually it was reclaimed by the jungle.
i saw new mlp toys at target the other day and was surprised the style had changed so much. now i know why. and now that i've seen a bit of this, i think i like the new toys. dammit.
i see a lot of nice looking bodies and asses on this site. what a waste of a nice body and ass. you should be sitting on my face as often as possible. i will put a smile on your face each time.
i see feminism of today as a movement directed against men and no longer concerned with any equality. i also believe that, due to feminism, women have the upper hand in family and criminal courts. there are more and more people, including women, seeing feminism for what is  a fascist ideology filled with hatred against men and all who oppose it.
i see oral sex poetically described in song of solomon, but given that the only time we have anal sex alluded to is when it's between men, 1 cor. 6 specifically mentioning homosexuality in the male and female roles and that natural revelation is pretty obvious that the rectum is full of stinky feces, is not naturally lubricated, and is easily damaged, i think we can draw a wise conclusion.
i see sissy play as evidence of how much i despise patriarchy. it's a fetishization of destroying patriarchal masculinity. kill my masculinity. kill it with pretty dresses.
i seem to remember my wetting accidents in school more than any happy times there.  other than a few times in high school i am certainly much happier that those years are long behind me.
i should have never made her eat the doo doo&&newline<kevin> shell never come back&&newline<kevin> everything we shared was for fuckcing nothing???&&newline<kevin> its all over because of a little doo doo
i shouldn't have to 'grow a pair' to be better able to deal with that. for the most part i can take some losers trash talking. but nobody should have to put up with it as consistently and intrusively as this(yes, even mark driscoll & co.). all this sort of talk does is transfer responsibility from the people actually on the offensive back to the victims.
i shower twice a week, and am happier on the days i do not shower.
i simply do not understand how one can equate people who sell
i simply do not understand how one can equate people who sell sex voluntarily with those poor wretches who, for reasons of misery or feeble minds, end up in the claws of cynical human traffickers.
i skip the wurster calls, tom rocks.
i slapped him.  i hate homos.  they make me sick at my stomach.  the very thought of a man making love to a man makes me turn green!
i smiled and replied cooly:'oh, its just dragonball z, goku is about to go ss3!' then my strict ass catholic mother turned off the tv. =( thank good ness for youtube.
i smoke marijuana, and i want to try and solve world hunger with an object i'm developing that i'm calling a thwimpift.
i somehow got a cool ranch dorito up in my sinus once, that blew royally.
i sometimes wanna make a post about draco malfoy falling in love with harry and have all the blogs be sure its about harry potter and then at the last minute be like surprise he falls in love with harry styles
i somewhat question non-binary gender identities i don't think doing things that aren't gender normative makes one a different gender but if people choice to do so that ok by me.
i spy with my little eye... 24 lbs of butter! looks like it'll be time to order more soon.... ;)
i started classes at the beginning of the year, and quickly hit it off with a girl in one of my art classes who i would consider way out of my league. she's nothing at all like my current girlfriend - she's much more 'my type,' my type mostly being unstable women with emotional issues that i attach to unhealthily. also, she's 18. (i'm 28). oh yeah, she also has a boyfriend.
i still do not understand peronism. was it, like, the 1940's version of trump support?
i still want to become poop sisters with someone. i made the concept up like two years ago and still no takers.
i strongly argued that algorithms have the ability to do more for worker rights than labor unions in the twenty-first century, simply because a single decision in the design of an algorithm can instantly improve the quality of life for thousands of people.
i suggested to my middle-aged friend that she should try vegan, but she said she can't bc she is anemic and needs iron from meat. is there a way around that? i know you guys say everyone is different. she has hypothyroidism, too.. thanks!
i support the nation of israel with my whole being and can't wait until jesus reveals himself to them as messiah.
i support gay marriage being legalised  in every state. i do however think its unfortunate that in some cases  gay marriage opponents have used the issue against polyamory.
i suspect that the oathkeepers fit into that thin niche of extreme conservatism where blind, frothing hatred of the police state supersedes their personal views on the blacks and civil liberties.
i swear by my life, and my love of it, that i will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.
i swear the fuckin producers of the simpsons knew shit was an issue before anyone opened their eyes.
i swear to god if bernie sanders loses the election or has to drop out of the race because of this websites hypocritical bullshit habits i am personally going to go to each and every one of your houses and punch you in the throat.
i take my camera to parties and get-togethers and give away the pictures to guests. i love hand them the print one-minute after i took the photo and say 'do that with your smartphone!'
i talked about masturbating to a kind of anime that featured people with two different sets of genitalia, and in fact, masturbating to the idea of femininity was a recurring theme during my whole monolog.
i talked to my spouse. i am very aroused!
i tend to like darker horses because of the contrast between the inside and the outside.
i the why for that was when he did it in fraction's run was it didn't  sell well enough and other writers just ignored it out recover it away  anyway.
i think congress needs to consider legislation for trolling. trolling is a form of violence.
i think i can say i'm officia lly sedentary, and i find that.. thrilling!
i think i might be catkin but i don't feel any astral ears or tail like others but i feel an overpowering love for every species of cat and i'm really confused
i think i might fall somewhere on the aromantic spectrum, i know im not aro, but i think im somewhere on there. anyone know of any good resources? i dont know very much about aromanticism >
i think i've already told enough of my own origin story on mypostingcareer: how i was digging in my parents' yard as a kid and found a tarnished silver amulet inscribed with acts 29, and how i wore it to bed that night and dreamed of mark driscoll, holding an ancient leather-bound book called real marriage: the truth about sex, friendship, and life together.
i think i've seen enough porn to know where the clit is by now.
i think macauly culkin is hot. this just feels so wrong.
i think us comic book fandom is too pathetic to have a gg type rebellion though.
i think having a lesbian best friend would be dope. i mean almost every chick has a gay guy best friend. so why can't a guy have lesbian best friend? i don't care if you're butch or lipstick... as long you're down to earth fun and chill we can be homies. i'm not trying to smash or make you fall in love i'm just an open minded guy wanting a lesbian bestie ^.^
i think her prose is very long winded and generally i find atlas shrugged to not be very engaging but you shouldn't disregard it out right. she gets a lot of hate but her philosophy outlined in atlas shrugged is worthy of a little consideration at least.
i think if people realize their gender dysphoria through being otherkin thats totally valid.
i think it is very beautiful for the poor to accept their lot, to share it with the passion of christ. i think the world is being much helped by the suffering of the poor people.
i think it's great that sexual / gender fluidity is being given positive media  coverage.  the stereotypes have always been too restrictive - nothing is black white (except black and white).  i am a hetero guy, but i love all things female, so a guy in girl's clothes arouses a bit more than just my curiosity - that person is someone like me (only better because they have more courage).
i think it's possible to be an atheist and have spritual feelings. they don't imply any belief in the supernatural. they might just be produced by the brain, although this is a topic of philosophical dispute called the hard problem of consciousness. the innocence of childhood is just one of those nice things we find in life. like a colourful butterfly, a fine chocolate, or a mozart concerto. something that speaks to finer, or higher feelings, w
i think it's really disheartening to see how tumblr has completely changed the definition of otherkin. most, if not all people, identify with something nonhuman. people who think they may be otherkin, please, make sure you're well-versed with the term. it's identifying as. be critical.
i think its obvious to everyone that any girl who has to use a paper bag to play princess almost certainly a trans girl. beautiful artwork, amandawtwong by the way.
i think my favorite thing about this generation is how seriously everyone takes their hogwarts house.
i think of my bathroom time as both my pee time (i actually love peeing) and my me time.
i think porn is ripe for disruption generally, and i admire your efforts. also nice to see more gay guys interested in bitcoin.
i think she could be a cross-gender person, or gender-fluent. it's getting more common these days, which is good.
i think snuggies are the one example almost everyone knows. they were invented for wheelchair users (do you have any idea how hard it is to get a coat on and off of someone in a wheelchair? cause its pretty fuckin hard.) but now everyone just acts like theyre some ~quirky, white people thing~ and not a product designed to make peoples day to day lives 10000x easier.
i think that i'm probably not very tribalistic, and i'm not sure if this correlates with a higher iq or with maybe just a general higher openness to experience, or what the deal is there. maybe its simply because i don't have any tribe to belong to, besides internet nerds.
i think that the root cause of our woes in regard to our legal system is attorneys' fear of not being able to make a living, because, as the story of solomon shows, most conflicts can be handled by one mediator or judge in a relatively short period of time without the aid of a legal representative.
i think the best sight in the world is when a girl is defeated by food, and doesnt care that shes rubbing her bloated belly in public. just running her hands and fingers over her round, food-filled belly.
i think the far right was a more potent influence on liberalism to reform itself than the left. people complain about the sad state of the left today, but was it ever a potent force outside of, to speak perfectly frankly, freak historical accidents/exceptions like the ussr? i think you're giving liberalism too little credit for reforming itself in response to the far right, and too much credit to a far left that doesn't really deser
i think there is a lot of productive discussion, lay & academic, that is continuing on tumblr but has roots in various older rights movements
i think there's a lot of tourism potential in pakistan if the region stabilizes.
i think we need some serious frank talk about incest bc people are just content with saying 'it's bad' without any analysis as to why or how
i think we will, since outright demolition and reconstruction of all these mammoth structures would be hard, time consuming, and expensive. its my urban planning fantasy to have someone knock down a whole bunch of walls and ceilings in a mall and convert most of the shops to apartments. that would be fun to see, though probably prohibitively expensive.
i think you're working off of an outdated perception of the intelligence agencies. the older works were generally more conservative, younger more liberal, smattering of libertarians. i'll confess i didn't meet any avowed leftists. it's a large enough organization that it really is just an even slice of the greater population.
i threw them in the garbage can. they smell like rubber chemicals. just like some of the ball lids. i will not cook food with this sleeve of chemical petroleum lids. tom
i told my history teacher that i'm demisexual and he wasn't all that fussed which makes me feel great because i feel like there is finally an adult i can trust
i told my wife not too long ago that if i didn't have her support, i would have killed myself long ago. and i meant it.
i treat pussy like weed cause i pass it around
i treat the pavement like tampax because some bitches bleed on it!
i tried shopping for food at wal-mart today, and it was almost a complete waste of my time. i knew they carried stoneyfield organic yogurt so i assumed they must at least have a couple of organic cheese options and maybe even some other inexpensive organic stuff.
i tried this primitive camping thing long ago, with a friend who had fantasies about his indian heritage.&&newline<kevin> after a couple of weeks most people will be asking for admission to the fema concentration camps.
i try to fart but diarrhea comes out instead
i try to hold off on eating/opening the fatty as long as possible because when i open the bag, i have to eat it quick otherwise it'll go bad. but fuck if i care if it goes bad, i'll still eat the hell out of it.
i understand hating the kidfuckers, but why hate people like me, who just like wearing (and using) diapers in the privacy of their own home? some (most) of us are normal people; basing your oppinions of the group based on a vocal minority rarely ends well: imagine if you based all your oppinions about gays on drag queens.
i unexpectedly (but not unhappily) lost my leg.
i used a tiny bit of maple syrup to balance out the tartness of the lemon juice.  you could probably also use honey, but i used maple syrup to keep it vegan. :)
i used an alternate email address, something of a stilted kinkier personality. i even made the gmail theme this super floral pink, to get me into my woman mode (or, more honestly, i liked pink). id make a post about being a sissy submissive, liking lingerie, a few tantalizing pictures, and absolutely nothing to outright state my gender, except that it was classified as mf? or cdf?.
i used to eat hot pockets with a knife and fork. that is probably not as god intended. it just seemed classier.
i used to go to a gym regularly and go on hilly hikes. you may be surprised that depend diapers held up really well, and were plenty comfortable. sure, they get sweaty, but so does every other part of you. no chafing issues. i used it as incentive: 'if you go the gym (go hiking), you can wear a diaper while you do it.'
i used to hate my tiny penis, but now i'm glad there is less down there to be dysphoric about than what some tranny women have to deal with.
i used to hate my tiny penis, but now i'm glad there is less down there to be dysphoric about than what some trans women have to deal with.
i used to like eating salt. just straight salt, sprinkled into my mouth. plus i used to really like chicken flavoured chips dipped into caramel flavoured yoghurt as an after school snack.
i used to like the tumblr dot txt account on twitter because it would generally post funny arguments or genuine stupidity and such but recently its just been a rabid anti-otherkin account
i used to not being into eaten alive, just eaten after being killed but now im into both
i used to think i was bi-curious. then i realized that i was capable of being attracted to women who dont realize they are women just yet.
i used to use flour, since it's sorta lubricating, to masterbate to when i was a kid. and crisco. but it made a huge zit on my dick that i was so scared about that i actually showed my mom cause i thought it was cancer.
i used to worry or at least think about a scenario where i would wind up in a hospital emergency room wearing panties. i don't think it would be a problem and they would be more interested in getting them off of me than thinking about what kind of underwear i had on.
i usually eat huy fong red rooster, sriracha hot chili sauce, tuong ot sriracha, every day. actually i eat a half pound of spinach for breakfast every day, with sriracha on it. yum!
i usually just eat gash if i'm about to cum, then i cum on the side of the mattress rub it in with my knee, and then keep eating gash until i can round two.
i usually just have a yoplait yogurt and an energy drink for lunch at work and don't eat instant mac cheese. i'll switch around making sandwich, little ceasers $5 pizza, pre-cooked rotisserie chicken, or a meal replacement bar. i pick up apples, bananas, and bags of salad kits. also i drink a lot of coffee (black). sometimes i'll have a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and coffee for every meal. or sometimes a bagel with tuna on it.
i view america's entry into ww1 as immoral, as germany had a just cause in eliminating serbian terrorism.
i vow to drink as much zima as possible to keep this beverage alive!
i wandered around sf this morning with a good friend from back home, and we were talking about some things about the queer community and i was like speaking of.. im trans and she was like oh, ok cool! and it was really nice, and she told me she gets it and has some small gender feels, and we talked about that for a bit then moved on :)
i want 0 responsibilities and a lot of lingerie
i want a girl with a short skirt&&newline<kevin> and a looooooooooooooooooooong penis
i want a girlfriend for christmas, now and forevermore. i want a girlfriend for christmas, so i won t be lonely anymore. she should be 18-22. and she ought to be boyfriend-free too. why do all the jerks get all the pretty girls?
i want a hooker too but my parents won't let me :(
i want a zine with this kind of content, though im not sure where to begin. i just know i want it to exist. i want a robot-positive, tech-positive, people-positive zine. i want metallic-printed art of fabulous glitterpunk robot femmes establishing their own utopias. i want it to come with download links for ambient soundscapes wtih borg-assimilation fanfics read over the top.
i want equality in gaming for men & women without censorship, without content removal.&&newline<kevin> i will admit that all men are going to be misogynistic at times and women will be misandrinistic sometimes. tension between the sexes is a natural phenomenon. so when someone calls me a misogynist, it just means i'm a flesh and blood man. every woman is going to be guilty of being misandranistic depending on how they feel.
i want interface porn. i want sexuality that doesnt revolve around penises in vaginas. i want fembots who are more than cheesecake. i want fembots who can be cheesecake and not disempowered by it. i want a world where we stop caring about nudity and genitals, for fucks sake.
i want my moobs to be bigger than my gfs boobs
i want to be fed and grown for their pleasure, i want to be fattened like a pig and treated like one, made to oink and squeal and be a lazy ball of lard, existing just to grow fatter and fatter
i want to break out of the culture that surrounds me.
i want to eat ass so bad, but my husband's ass is just so so gross with old balls of toilet paper, and poop smears too. and it's so damn hairy. so i fantasize about eating a girl's ass all the time.
i want to feed a girl like a pig but treat her like the most precious creature in the world.
i want to find a male dobe, ages ranging 19-26 (white, hispanic and/or asian) , loves naruto and can cosplay naruto and give this lonely sasuke-teme a lot of individual love and attention i crave as an uchiha....so no multiple partners bs or i'll chidori that loser's ass!
i want to find a male dobe, ages ranging 19-26 (white, hispanic and/or asian) , loves naruto and can cosplay naruto and give this lonely sasuke-teme a lot of individual love and attention i crave as an uchiha....so no multiple partners bs or i'll chidori that loser's ass!yeah, that was a male seeking male personal you just read...i can't stand being single anymore
i want to fuck a dog
i want to have all my ducks in a row so i can shoot up the hardcore titty skittles on the solstice 2016
i want to induce lactation on myself, would be better if i found someone with estrogen, pharma/herb breast, not fat man boobs.&&newline<kevin> lactation takes time and willingness, massaging breast, breast pump or sucking every 2-3 hours, 20 minutes. this will give us plenty of time to dress and discover each other.
i want to know what white twerfs like you think of the rescue industry. those women chose what they were doing and then a white savior like you turned them into sweatshop slaves.
i want to make a prototype for a non-profit 2-d fantasy game so people like myself will continue to want to live.
i want to measure your belly multiple times a to keep you aware of your fatness
i want to read about a world where nanomachine-transformed bodies mean that no one has to have the same appearance, the same sexual characteristics, two days in a row. i want bodies that can mutate on the spot to be anything you want them to be.
i want to read about robots as protagonists. good or bad, but not just the enemy. i want to see things from the machines point of view.
i want to read about the default assumption that robots with no sexual characteristics are male.
i want to read about alternative cyborgs and robots.
i want to see hard data on why soylent's bad product % is worse than that of muggle food before i get out my pitchfork.
i want to see people think outside the box.
i want to talk about the ableism in fury road but i dont know if i should because all the ableism is directed at physically disabled people/people with birth defects and im not physically disabled.
i want to throw acid in every white feminist's face then shove them down a flight of stairs while they're screaming bloody murder and then they fall into an industrial strength ssi shredder
i wanted to not only make renamon but i wanted her to act sexy as she makes me feel so i added lingerie to her wardrobe i went and bought the outfit just for her!
i was a bit disgusted with the way the psychologists and brain surgeons mess people up so i wrote a fiction story based in part on the consequences that could occur if the shrinks continued to do it.
i was a raw vegan for 2 years. 100% devoted.... and this was such a treat! now, i am still 'high raw' and thought i would not miss bob's red mill.... yet i do! i love it in so many different recipes- but most of all i love to mix it with garlic, red peppers, sea salt and a dash of olive oil for a fantastic dip/salad dressing....
i was absolutely enthralled by gunnerkrigg court right up until i reached the point where the author erased over thirty chapters of a major character's character development for the sake of cheap virtue-signalling. then i rage-quit. it was like michelangelo dropping his pants and taking a dump on the david out of sheer contempt for his own work.
i was almost reaching for the postcards when a sudden suspicion took me.  he looked smug, the way homos will.  i hate homos.  you can't trust them.
i was also in the process of writing about more positive experiences like holy encounters with jesus, so to take a look into something less than positive just didn't seem right for some time.
i was an aderall one night, and wanted to sleep, so i took ambien and had an eight-hour masturbatory adventure. it was weird.
i was and still am a native american war pony. i don't talk about it though because i'm a white person and i'm afraid that someone would tell me i'm appropriating native american culture. sometimes i think i should stop searching into my kinself
i was at a healthy living conference in california when traditional medicinals invited me to a private tasting event. it ended up being so informative and opened my eyes and mind to something id never thought of before. so were thrilled to be partnering with them today on this post!
i was aware that while some men found that having their prostate tested by rectal examination to be a horrible experience, other men found it quite pleasant. it came to me that it might be that all men could find this examination enjoyable if the procedure was done enough times in a row.
i was being genuine a few pages ago when i mentioned floating habitats on venus.
i was catcalled, sexually objectified and treated like a piece of meat by men the entire week. and it was absolutely awesome.
i was deemed too white for california, yet not white enough for oregon.
i was familiar with that concept though, and thought a lot about it.but i couldnt be trans, because if i were id be taking it way more seriously than masturbating in panties, so obviously i can forget i ever thought about that, it's just how i get off, even though the whole dressing up as a woman part beforehand makes me indefinably happier for a few minutes, and hey lets smokeanother bowl.
i was first met with some serious backlash. i guess these chat rooms were frequently flooded with people spreading hate, and they were guarded. eventually, a man said he would answer my questions.
i was going to combine both the cunning skill of earth psychology with the police techniques of the fbi.  how could i miss?
i was going to the corner store and when i reached and opened the door i wasn't looking and accidentally put my hand on some girls chest and i immediatelyl turned around and she was just staring at me and i screamed i was sorry over and over in a high pitched nervous voice while running away. i think she was laughing. :(
i was guessing it was a female judge and....i am correct. some days i think we live in a gyneocracy.
i was heavily into stoufers my whole life. even had a character ( a rastafarian named 'meesta soutfa) that id do whenever id whip up one of their epic pizzas. unfortunately im on a diet now.
i was impressed with this pope when i heard he was going out into the streets aiding the poor without anyone knowing.....but when he starts emoting anti-capitalist rhetoric and giving in to the glo-bull warming hoax is making conversion to eastern orthodox more and more appealing as the days go on....
i was in a factory and i watched people lying on a conveyor belt with their mouths full of cigarettes, going through burning ovens, coming out singed (not on fire), then dunked into a huge tank of alcohol that dissolved them to dust like acid would do, and their remains would come out of the factory's smokestacks in puffs of smoke and ashes. and another detail, the front of the factory is skull-shaped.
i was in college when feminism was reaching its apex. in the 1970s at barnard college, the kinds of young men one met there were confused. they had no idea what they were doing or supposed to be doing in regard to women. after college, i went to work at national review and found that conservative men were not confused.
i was in the checkout line at the 7/11 in full uniform (was about to head back to the barracks) and some guy behind me says 'you're kidding! a real soldier! and he's not even murdering anyone!'
i was introduced to pin-up... i loved the curves and the bright red lipstick! i loved the sexiness and the power of these women who had perfect hourglass figures and expertly applied makeup, but looked like they could break your arms if they wanted to. i was enchanted. i no longer wanted boobs to please another person, i wanted them to feel empowered.
i was just wondering what kind of demand there is out there for good fitting hollow butt plug that force you to fill your diaper/pants whether you want to or not. i'm testing different designs that stay in well on their own with no belts or things attached to them. they stay in well too while asleep, so you may wake up with a surprise in the morning. fairly comfortable sitting or standing, but you will know something is still there.
i was like the white kid that went to an all-black school that hung around all the black guys, and everything, and just had this black thing going.
i was once your age, when i would have wanted sex left and right, but i have grown up more mature mentally, and i have my sweetheart i have been praying for from god and jesus.
i was pretty pissed at the jeep commercial. globalist, commie, feel-good kum by ya bullcrap.
i was taught a deep breathing exercise recently where you take a large breath into the diaphragm, clench your abs, and then release your breath and muscles at the same time. it's very effective. what i'm getting at here is that this post made me have to do this exercise. quality content, very awkward.
i was wearing a bra and panties with a feminine pad in the crotch just like a girl when she had her period. i called out for her.
i was wondering if anyone else did this. i like to make myself desperate before going potty in my diaper i drank a ton of tea and a glass of coffee and just gave myself an enema. i'm already uncomfortable in both regards but i like to make it where i'm desperate by the time i let myself go. anyone else like doing that? doing it this way is a lot sore satisfying for me for some reason. i also like telling myself i'm a big girl until i give in wh
i wasn't saying one is okay and one thing isn't okay. but holding down a dog and forcing your cock into it is a shit ton worse than just letting the dog use you to get off.
i watched a ton of anime as a kid because my brother was a huge nerd, and all it did was teach me that there's this country on the other side of the world where they do things differently. (and turn me into a huge nerd too) and now when i'm an adult i'm able to accept weird cultural things in my entertainment better, instead of automatically throwing it out because it's different and foreign.
i watched them rip apart a newborn baby and take the heart while it was still beating. i cant forget the screams. i still hear them every night!
i went to mcdonald's today and got a filet-o-fish combo and a bacon cheeseburger. i was eating it in my vehicle in the parking lot and listening to an audio book when i glanced up and saw the mcdonald's worker i ordered from was outside having a cigarette. she waved at me and i nodded and had to wait 7 minutes before she went back inside and i could eat in comfort again.
i went to get drinks with friends, and i suspect that my bartender was being economically coerced to serve his 'customers'. i'm on the phone with the police, what should i tell them?
i will allow comments on the posts that follow... but i will not allow abuse in any form, either of me or any other commentator, and i will expect those commenting to stay on topic. dissent is fine, so long as it is courteous and reasoned, but address your comments to the points i am raising, not to side issues.
i will become a full-time blogger.  my absolute dream and ultimate fear.
i will gain access to tesla's 'death ray' plans (i know where they reside), finish it, and then they can all lament about how they drove a sinter from building a better world to destroying it to let nature take it back over, all because they were fucking jealous about poor, creative people like us finally having a fucking paycheck to do what they fucking love
i will mourn the lost of 56+ million babies, i will grieve over the death of baby isaiah, i will fight for the inherent right to life, for women to stop being treated as sex objects and for the post-abortive mothers and fathers who suffer in silence, and lastly pray for the end of abortion.
i will rock on i will smoke on and i'll have a stroke and wet and messy poopy diaper before i go to bed just a little more pp and i think i'll be soaked
i wish i could grow a mustache on the back of my head.  it just keeps getting thinner and thinner.
i wish i could marry a woman as intellectual as daria and as strong as one of the mud-wrestling girls...
i wish i could tell you about it. but i can't. i was instructed to sign a waiver
i wish i had a servant pearl type dealie. they seem useful.
i wish i had the balls to gain tons of weight and have a huge belly which keeps poking out of my shirts and is practically sitting on my lap. i just cant do it for some reason. its really annoying. i wind up stuffing my shirts to look big and rounded. i also want huge breasts, hips,thighs and ass that jiggle when i walk.
i wish i was the last remaining human adult male on this planet.
i wish trump hadn't decided to run for president&&newline<kevin> he's trainwrecking the gop all out of a mad desire to feed his own vanity
i wish there was a pokedex for humans so whenever i meet someone new i can just scan them to see what their preferred pronouns are and what their gender is and their sexuality
i wish truscum would understand that if youre calling yourself transgender, then theres something there, even if its not dysphoria
i wish you and the rest of the world would get out of israel's panties.
i wish you and the rest of the world would get out of israfel's panties.
i wish you lived here in america so i could marry you and treat you like a queen!! i would move to denmark for you but i am studying zoology so i can either work as a researcher for yellowstone national park or work at my favorite zoo
i woke up this morning and found myself laying on an empty bag of chips. i looked around and noticed that the floor was covered in numerous food wrappers and containers. i peeked over at him and saw that he had a little smear of sauce on his cheek. his hand was resting on his belly and he looked super adorable :d
i won a bet with one of his boys because i fucked him like a big balls daddy until he was almost in tears and he liked it.
i won one of those 'set for life' 2 thousand dollars a week scratchoff tickets and one of my hobbies is finding random streamers to shower with cash out of nowhere. i've learned though that it's best just to do it randomly to someone who seems cool then move on like mary poppins, if you get a crush on a woman and think you can buy her heart you're going to have bad time.
i won't eat fresh tomatoes, courgette, egg plant, celery, broccoli, cauliflower, mushrooms, all the root vegetables, cabbage, spinach, anything from the sea... the list is long.
i wonder how many women and men had a sexual awakening when the #dadbod started trending. either discovering their preference for fat men or that they like being a fat guy.  maybe it even helped them discover the feedist community. though the original dadbod article was horrible, im curious how it impacted people and if it helped them come out of the pantry.
i wonder if there's anyone whose underwears are not skidmarked.
i wonder when people are going to start realizing that feminine and masculine are artificial concepts that arose from the mannerisms and movements of the physical body in an effort to search for a mate, i bet if technology somehow away and along with our ability to synthesize hormones in a lab these maab weirdos would just go back to masturbating outside of a 12-year-old girl's window while poking their own butthole with a carrot stick.
i wore dresses before i knew what transgenger was and i thought it was just a weird fetish / or phase. i actually forced myself to stop it, threw out my dresses, my bustiers, my shoes, my makeup, and my wigs because i thought it was wrong and sinful and indulging made me a bad person.&&newline<kevin> i did not wear dresses because i liked it (although i did like it). i wore dresses because it made me feel like a woman and that is what i really wanted.
i wore light blue satin panties with some lace on the front panel for a colonoscopy a few months ago. the nurse handed me one of those backwards gowns and told me to take off everything. 'even the panties?' yes. 'i figured i could walk to the procedure room in the special panties i wore just for you,' i kidded. no. so i spread them neatly lace side up on top of my other clothes in the clear plastic bag for patient belongings.
i work at a craft beer/hot dog bar in the pacific northwest.
i work at a fast food restaurant, and when a petite girl ordered the biggest meal on the menuand a large meal at thati couldnt help but be aroused at the thought of such a small woman intaking such an enormous meal. i somehow regret not checking up on her to see if she needed anything else.
i work at a holistic pet food store, and we get massive amounts of nutritional training, and this is 100% true. go for a very organic peanut butter or try dog specific options, like kong filler products or my favorite, dogsbutter. seriously, this is a dangerous thing and so many people dont know about it.
i work in my goth/vampire/fairy nonsense into my gender presentation and even gender identity.
i worked in restaurants for years and never could get the same clam chowder at home. i love this stuff! i'm so glad that i found a supply and can eat my favorite soup at home anytime i want.
i worship ralph, a head of cabbage that i purchased at safeway. i place ralph on a pedestal in an honored corner of my house, and make libations in ralphs honor. please include ralph in your holy book because ralph's leaves are beginning to wilt
i would also like to note to attain a bigger size i've gained quite a bit of weight and im continuing to gain more weight to achieve my goal so if you don't like bigger guys don't bother messageing me. i don't know how fat i will get but a feeder or encourager would be great! if you wish to still talk then feel free to continue reading
i would define fascism as a hugbox for bad people where dissenting opinion from the main line is attacked legally and socially.
i would expect that if the person doing this modification was wearing just panties, the tape and glue would have held for an additional 2 to 3 days. however, my incontinence and wet diapers, seems to have loosened the glue backing on the tape and cured loose the superglue.
i would fuck my sister if she were hot though. fortunantly i don't have one.
i would like to live in the beginning of the 20th century in moscow or saint-petersburg, it was an incredibly interesting period of time. but then the revolution came and ruined everything. i would prefer to die before 1917 because watching ones country and its culture falling apart is an ordeal. i wouldnt want to live in soviet russia, neither would i want to be an ÈmigrÈ.
i would like to propose a new op for dealing with the problem of establishment academia and its attempts to dictate media (particularly vidya) to conform to authoritarian leftist politics.
i would like to see a movie made where the black servants and the white master got along and had happy lives. some balance would be nice.
i would like to see your lower half to see your sack and testicles and penis to see if you have shrunk as small as mine or more to know where mine might go.
i would love to get drunk at chipotle, wish i could star this comment more than once, you r a genius
i would love to see any multiboob. take your favorite cartoon girl and give her 1-2 more boobs.
i would still defend chris-chan as a brother sufferer of a mental confition and shoot the nazi/alien killer clowns dead. sometimes, unfortunately, violence may be the only recourse.
i wouldn't tolerate a girl who cheats on me, and wouldn't date a girl who had dated black dudes. it's low-class. you can call it (*gasp!*) racist all you want, but people have standards.
i wuv yoooooooooooooo anime booby girl! wiggly piggly boo bop lots of jiggly!! let's chill and watch netflix.
i'm transgender (male to female) can i still wear a pad and a pantie liners?
i'd rather eat meat and dairy that i buy at the farmer's market than stay completely vegan and shop at a supermarket where i have little idea where things come from, whether they're marked 'organic' or not.
i'd rather not be subjected to any base physical pleasures like 'taste' even in a mild form. i fill my nutrient needs with soylent because i seek more intellectual fulfillment. advertising to non-adopters (and, at this point, non-users are willfully not using slurry based diets) on flavor is a fool's errand.
i'd really like to hear your average retard who gets bent out of shape about blackface explain exactly why it's so bad without using the vocabulary of moralizing vagaries.
i'd say the neo-nazi's who live out in east county vancouver are on the 'more tribal' side of that scale than myself, and even though i am white, they probably would beat me up just as quickly as the bloods or el norte or whichever non-white street gang.
i'll admit i believe same-sex sexual relationships are morally wrong. i'm not against gays, i'm not quite bothered by the character itself, but i fear where it will go, i just hope they don't galavanting through the saga making certain characters practicing homosexuals.
i'll be overweight for life, unable to lose weight for any reason.  the thought of that makes me so happy sometimes.  i need lifelong obesity, desperately.
i'll own you if you agree to be my piss pet ;)
i'll put a sign on your back that says 'i can't rap' and a bruise on your face that says 'i can't scrap'
i'll smash ya fucking head that's how i'm real (yeah)
i'll sound like a huge asshole but i think uber is great. they provide a reliable and relatively cheep car shuttle. as long as they aren't causing wars or spreading plague i'm ok with what ever they do.
i'll sound like a total sperg if i say this, but i'm curious to see what went on between chris and the hooker. you know, if he had sex or not, how he had it. not to be a perv or anything, but i'm curious.
i'll state that in an ideal friendship we'd have detailed discussions about lost, twin peaks, anything david lynch, evangelion, creating stories that challenge and deconstruct the otherwise bland mainstream entertainment, million dollar extreme, mega64, politics, liberalism, socialism, feminism, making fun of mras and republicans, alcohol, tobacco, asexuality, anti-humor, mental illness and probably plenty of other topics i can't think of right
i'll throw my hands toward your neck then i'll wrap 'em around (ohh)
i'm 14 years old. i just found this subreddit. (self.theredpill)
i'm 17 and i know what the yucatan peninsula is. really arumba? topkek m8. topkek
i'm 19 and i never got any girls in hs. i think now i could do better now that i know whats going on a bit more. is there any way i could get a fake identity and just be the 'new kid' in a highschool for senior year or something? i'd take off a year of college for this.
i'm 34 and have yet to enter a traditional vagina. i'll leave it at that.
i'm a greedy little piggy whos been plumping up. a piggy that has been gorging themselves in extra snacks. a naughty piggy that gets a thrill out of gaining more. chubby piggy i am becoming and i like it!
i'm aethyriek, i'm a therianthrope, i've been in the therian community too long for my own good. a more meatspace friendly name is mei, a variant of my real name condemned solely to use on starbucks cups and the cancerous spore of the internet.
i'm finally brave enough to release a list of my kintypes.
i'm going to ravage mark driscoll's asspussy and make him have my shitbaby and then i will drink his tittypiss
i'm lavender. she/her. white-passing ashkenazi, agender trans lesbian. 18 y/o. i have major depression, generalized anxiety, dpd, ptsd, and bpd. i'm able-bodied, not intersex, and thin. massachusetts via michigan. anarcha-communist. enfp.
i'm mgtow because i'm incel and i like it. for the longest time it bugged the shit out of me, but one day i did the math and realized that once i get my shit together being womanless for the next 25 years, just like i have my first 25 years, would likely lead to less stress, more wealth, and more independence. if i'm independent and wealthy enough by the time i'm 45-50 i'll hire an indian surrogate for 1-3 children and retire. i am the new man!
i'm valkyriekin and there's no others like me. literally. it sucks and i want to feel at home with others, but since there's no one i can't. i don't want to be the only valkyrie
i'm zee! i'm into writing and role-playing games. i wear a lot of pretty costume wigs. i'm genderqueer and polysexual. i'm fat, sexy and nerdy. i'm passionate. i care a lot about people and animals, and really want to make a difference. i'm a feminist. i'm also pusheen. i don't like sports
i'm a 24 year old gender fluid crossdresser near toronto that is also into diapers and various other kinks such as bondage and orgasm denial.
i'm a 450 lb black man,and i've dated women of all shapes,sizes and colors,and not all of those women dated me out? of pity,lol
i'm a shameless furry go ahead shoot me i really don't care if i get trolled on facebook. hey ill do almost anything for free booze yes i'm that low.
i'm a cis-male and i am happy to confirm you are transphobic, just in case you were in any doubt...
i'm a cunt. ok that's cool. i have been called worse. i'll be a cunt for being honest. if that is your only criticism though that is pretty weak. ?
i'm a demon who is looking for his god! i was a small incubus and i adored my god and served under him, and i think i was his favourite out of the other demons. my blog is awingedgod and i'm open to talking to anyone else, too, including other demons/concubi
i'm a drag model, performer and general advice giver on the topics of cross dressing and gender identity.
i'm a dragonkin trans perv, fite me!
i'm a fat man with very huge thighs and have a hell of a time finding any legwear that fits me. even sizes like 8xl are too small around my thighs (and way too wide at my hips but i can deal with that). can anyone recommend suppliers that i be able to purchase such huge hiking clothes from? i am most interested in pants, ideally bib style that reach up above the waist.
i'm a gamer (all types), a movie geek (also all types), love good food, good beer, and good people to hang out with.
i'm a gay 26yo male, and have been dealing with urinary incontinence since i was 12yo. i have had trouble starting and keeping a relationship until recently. i finally meet someone but i feel i am not as sexual as he is. does anyone know a way to help.
i'm a gay catholic guy, so obviously, i'm celibate and i'll have to stay that way. i'm ashamed to admit it, but i'm also cursed with a very high libido. i've never had sex or physical intimacy of any kind, and i've managed to stay completely chaste for the last four years, but to be frank, i'm starting to feel stressed out and exhausted with this day in and day out struggle against my
i'm a hairy vegan 420 friendly. u b 2.
i'm a hardcore fan of my little pony. gender stereotypes mean nothing to me.
i'm a knockout you're a love tap
i'm a male aromantic asexual (and a closeted one so i've never heard any of these). but i'm really surprised at the 'guys can be asexual?' comments which seem to indicate that asexuality is exclusively for females. are guys perceived to be such animals to the point where asexuality cannot be applied to us?
i'm a male fascinated with pregnancy and would love to be pregnant for real. i use a suit i made w/ 40lbs of water balloons to make my best pregnant belly.
i'm a therian and i'm totally 100% cool with otherkin as in people who are mythical beings but i seriously have to draw the line at fictionkin and especially fictivekin. you aren't a cartoon and there aren't people living in your head.
i'm allowed to get upset and angry because i don't feel like people care enough. that might make people feel angry that they feel they've reached out but you can't expect damaged people to react in ways that you might like just because you reached out
i'm almost asexual by force, not by choice. my testosterone levels are so incredibly low that not even that horrible testosterone gel is enough to bring my sex drive back up to 'normal'. i've just learned to live with it.
i'm also cool with trophy collection, if you only want to sleep with me once so you can tell your grandchildren.
i'm an abdl, my little side is 2. i've alway been into diapers. now i'm working on going 24/7. i have other sides as well. poetry, rping, games, geek, etc.
i'm an american. i was talking with someone from the united kingdom recently, and we really couldn't understand each other's views on patriotism. i realize that my country has done some terrible things over the years, but i'm still proud to live here. as a country, we've accomplished amazing things.
i'm an arctic fox kin and some people are okay with it, but if i just say fox they only think of the red fox, so i have to deal with it sometimes. the worst part is that it has been hot lately and i'm adjusted to snow and cold, not gravel and heat.
i'm an artist focused on abdl and age regression of mainly on my favorite childhood cartoons. ive just started drawing since a year ago, most of my work is on-model (to a fault imo) and i'm still trying to develop my own style.
i'm an aspiring video model and i would to get a bigger, more fuller booty. what pills should look to for such results. i don't want to go under the knife but if there is no butt can someone please explain what butt injections are and how they work.
i'm an extremely picky eater, and was hoping soylent would be my chance to start eating healtheir than i was previously. most new solid things i've tried have resulted in the same sort of vomiting, but this is the first liquid that has given me this reaction. i'll try mixing in some sort of flavoring with it, but at this point i'm not optimistic that i'll be able to get it down. at this point, i think it's back to 2 cans of lays stax per day.
i'm an outdoorsman. i'm going deer hunting next week. but under my overalls will be shaved legs & high-cut panties.
i'm asexual and want nothing to do with sex ever but i'm a hopeless romantic. (emphasis: hopeless)&&newline<kevin> we exist lolz.
i'm atheist. i find religion to be very offensive. religion is so harmful, i can't stand it. i raise my family atheist. we don't celebrate religious holidays. we celebrate the solstices and equinoxes. we don't end up doing much for them because we have no one else to celebrate with, though.
i'm beginning to think sjw's are like the cold that kills patients with compromised immune systems. a healthy society would shrug them off. which makes #gamergate societal white blood cells, hunting down and neutralizing small-time diseases before they can infect and destroy.
i'm certain mr. miyamoto wants to meet up with me and discuss the future of sonichu and the sonichu alpha project, as much as i'd be humbled and honored to meet with him and discuss the matter; probably more for him, becuase i am the original creator of sonichu, rosechu, the other associated characters and the city of cwcville around them all.
i'm confused, couldn't it be possible to be trans and also have a thing for trans porn?
i'm demisexual. i've only ever met one person who knew what that was and that was because she's greysexual and researched sexuality quite a bit. i wish they taught this stuff in school, it would've made my life so much easier.
i'm desperate for your big, hard penis! i crave it, because i want your seeds! i need your penis! i need to feel you explode inside me, giving me your seeds! i receive your love, lord, with open arms and open legs and a receptive heart.
i'm doing research for a potential story set in anglo-saxon england. i'm featuring queer characters, characters with physical disabilities, characters with mental illnesses, and ethnically i'm including anglo-saxons, celts, and scandinavians, but i know there were plenty of poc and i want to include them; however, i'm (unsurprisingly) having trouble finding information.
i'm doing that very thing right now... :) i know i'm gonna hafta make a big poopoo soon so i put on a big crinkly diaper and drank a big mug of coffee. if i still haven't filled my diapers in an hour or so i might consider marshmallows. i've been saving up two days worth of xmas dinners so i will have a stinky diaper to squirm in one way or another :wub:
i'm excited to become a member since it's free, and i can earn 10 points for every $1 that i spend and redeem those points for qualifying purchases!
i'm feel beta as fuck today.
i'm fictionkin but i also always had this strange connection to the night and forests or woodlands, they give me a feeling of home and everything..
i'm fortunate enough to have seen 'hamilton' twice. i've read the chernow biography, listened to the cast recording non-stop (ha) since september, and been an avid follower of lin's tweets, facebook posts, interviews, #ham4ham shows, and genius annotations. so when i heard months ago that lin and former new york magazine drama critic jeremy mccarter were putting together a book about the creation of 'hamilton,' i pre-ordered my
i'm full of chubs, glitter, and the souls of my enemies
i'm generally an avid tripe-eater, but no amount of chili oil or vinegar could get me to stomach this stuff. at least not with a decent western toilet within butt-clenched running distance.
i'm glad i'm not the only one who feels uneasy about the theory of garnet being a fusion. i can't really convey how i feel about it, but i'd just rather not think about it. lol
i'm gonna go see zootopia alone for the third time this weekend so that my friends don't get a chance to see how much of a pussy i am when i cry during all the emotional stuff (basically the entire movie)
i'm hoping one of these days i'll have enough time to brush up on my quantum mechanics and make an informed opinion as to whether the many-worlds interpretation is as manifestly obvious as yudkowsky says it is. i suspect it isn't, but at least i'll learn some thing along the way...
i'm interested in knowing how democracy was implemented so successfully in these countries by the us when they had no democratic tradition in their history. how was the us able to make these countries successfully democratic but today, in iraq and afghanistan, they have failed. since iraq is predominantly muslim, sharia law must play a big role as to why democracy cannot function properly.
i'm intersex female and my junk is tiny(micropenis and only one ball)so i like to wear bikini hi cut panties. but i'm not sure what to wear if you have big junk. sometimes i wear a thong. can you wear a thong and tuck that big junk? talking about big junk is making me giggle. sorry.
i'm into cock hero videos. they are fan made porn compilations that have 'beat meters' similar to the note highways in the old guitar hero games. you jerk your work to the beat as it speeds up, slows down and changes patterns through out the video. they are designed for edging and the aim is to last to the end of the video. the longest one i have clocked so far is an hour and half.
i'm just a badass magical girl here to voice my outrage against privileged, self-important cis people who think they are allowed to push their opinions in on trans matters. as well as attempting to stop truscum because they were once magical but got corrupted and i aim to collect their valuable grief seeds.
i'm just saying as gunnerkrigg continues it's fairly obvious that tom is needing to spend less time imagining the sexual awakening he never actually had and more time endeavoring to get a full-buttocked grown up to envelop his genitals cause having everyone in gunnerkrigg go all blush-winsome smile-touch each other's arms is both tedious and the first step on the road to a lonely siddell swinging from the rafter of a sparsely furnis
i'm just trying to sell enough books to fund my dream of going back to school. i want a life of buffet-style dining three times a day, faster internet, a decent cable package instead of a crappy government obamacable box that only lets me have two channels, and beautiful random girls who call the men's dorms nightly for sex. hey, that's how college works.
i'm lucky enough to pretty much only eat wagyu beef.
i'm lyra, 23 y/o nonbinary lesbian trans girl. i love video games, anime, communism, robots, and especially gay versions of all those things. nerd shitheads get out.
i'm man enough to vote for a woman... are you?
i'm militantly anti-fetishphobic. this is a safe of a space as i can make it for an often demonized form of some people's inherent sexual orientation: their predilections and fetishes.
i'm no prayer junkie either, but i very much would like to have the responsibilities of a 3 or 4 year old again- heck, even 6 or 8 for that matter.
i'm not a slut seeing how i am still a virgin.
i'm not above telling women what to do with their bodies, and can't for the life of me see why any good fascist, yourself included, would be.
i'm not at all kidding when i state that membership in the demonrat party ought to a crime on the scale of sedition. it's the american branch of communism and thus poses an immediate and existential threat to the republic. i do favor maintaining a vigorous two party system in america with the voters having a choice between: the exceedingly conservative party and the exceptionally
i'm not even alt-right. i'm just a a redpilled ancap. but i'd like to see your entire world burn to the ground.
i'm not gonna 'shitpost' or anything, but how exactly is dating a 16 year old pedophilia? he's not aiming for sexual activity, he just said 'i love you' and made a journal. and i'm looking for an answer, not post deletion.
i'm not here to make friends, i'm here to put a stop to cyberbullying, and there are cyberbullies on here. it is your duty to have them banned.
i'm not into the sex side as much as the playful side.
i'm not obliged to be polite to my abusers. when you learn that, you might be more confident too.
i'm okay with my junk and it doesn't make me feel any less female, i'm a girl and therefor my penis is not male because i myself am not male. plus i don't like the idea of having a vagina that i have to stick stuff up there and stir it, also i want mine to get wet automatically, not using lube.
i'm on the prowl for some canadian neden, if you know any juggaletes who ar e down with the clown and christ, pm me -horneykevin1488
i'm only against raising the minimum wage above $10 only because it fucks with the idealization of the value of 1 labor hour unit.  it makes it a hell of a lot easier to compare with foreign currencies when prices can be divided by 10.
i'm only gonna get his d dingled
i'm only in my early 20's so i hope i can get somewhat of a pass, because damnit man, at least i'm trying. i'm a high school drop-out, not a college graduate. my iq is probably just above room temperature. perhaps i've merely defined leftism incorrectly, but, moldbug seems to be a standard deviation or two, or three, above me in terms of his iq, and i'm only aping what he has put forth much more eloquently.
i'm pretty drunk right now and i wish twilight was lying down intoxicated, not passed out, but drunk, horny, and spreading her hind legs.
i'm pretty much gender-fluent. i don't really identify as one or the other.
i'm queer as hell. genderqueer. cuz i'm nifty like that. ~.~ i'm an odd one, but i'm a lovable folk.
i'm rather fond of wicca and paganism. the history behind it is interesting to say the least, and no less credible than, say, christianity or islam. to see teenies bastarize it into something else is ridiculous. nature? it's the foundation! animals? okay, same thing. space? a little out there (literally), but it's still nature based. crystals? mmkay. pop culture...? why? using....programming to make shitty spells......in c++........... (:_(
i'm really really not a hawk, if only because the labels 'hawk' and 'dove' are profoundly useless. i simply have a great deal of admiration for the foreign policy establishment. it's funny to see the rampaging hatred the left has for foreign policy experts, because in no other field is the advice of experts so roundly ignored and misapplied.
i'm really regretting not bringing my phone charger with me to panera today. #gettingworkdone #maybewritingabook
i'm really super fem and like make up and dresses but that's it for the cliche i am i think. apart from that i'm outspoken and rude if needed and gay (if that counts lmao) i also have no voice nor genital dysphoria.
i'm reminded of a fanfiction idea i had a while ago that i've recently started tinkering with again(especially as this newest set of episodes gives some new ideas
i'm saying that a lot of research even at the very top tier is pretty bad and goes nowhere. do we really need more of it?
i'm sex repulsed i'm not a consumer i do not like porn but that doesn't mean i would advocate for my friends source of income to be taken away (unless capitalism stops)
i'm so fucking hopeless omfg
i'm so pure, and cleaned up, no problems, everything is done, and we did this process, and its like 'oh. my. god'. we paid thousands and thousands of dollars and, like, it lasted, what, nine minutes. i learned that everything, every-single-thing thing in the whole world is totally up to me, there is nothing standing between me and the universe, i am the most powerful thing, there is nothing, absolutely nothing stopping me from doing anything.
i'm sorry that as a gay man who is still in the closet that i'm not allowed to think that part of brony culture is appropriative of my own fucking sexuality.
i'm sort of in the middle. first off, i love the act of pooping, even if it's on the toilet. i consider a firm load dropping out my back chute to be nature's stimulation. to have that firm load in a pair of diapers or vinyl pants is a thousand times better. i hate having to waste a good log or several plump droppings. i love the 'normal poop' smell of a regular, run-of-the-mill, 'not too soft but not too hard' poopie -- as long as it's mine, of
i'm southern baptist. i'd be disowned for this lifestyle! it's worth out though. my wife is so hot in a wet diaper going down on me!
i'm surprised not to see a raw milk thread here. there's so much you can do with it that you can't do with pasteurised milk, like making fresh butter, cream cheese, and whey. is raw milk an acceptable topic of discussion on this forum?
i'm the oldest of 8 children with 2 loving, godly parents. we are/were all home-educated; raised to love jesus with all of our hearts and gain a hunger to find out more about his creation!
i'm thinking education and other similar responsibilities should be packaged with governmental privileges; so if you want society to support you, then you need to educate your child to society's expectations, or if you want to use the roads then you need to pay your taxes, etc.
i'm thinking of replacing my balls with candy and turning the whole thing into a pez dispenser.
i'm using a lot of oil for my diy soylent, and this is perfect and very flavor neutral. smaller bottles from the grocery store go too fast. now i won't hate my roommates when they use my oil. this is the size to get if you're a heavy user household. end your arguments, and your frequent trips. go big.
i'm very susceptible to fictional crushes. i spent a year or two in high school writing 'i wanna marry vampire hunter d' on my notebooks. (i'm over him now. hmph.)
i'm voting for mitch mcconnell on tuesday. can't wait to read all the weepy whiny tears from liberals when the adults take back the senate, it's going to own.
i've always been addicted to piss. before i understand what was to masturbate, i enjoyed wetting myself when i was home alone and stayed wet for hours, after the maid has gone and before my parents come from work.
i've always been envious of cellulite, especially on the butt.  that deeply dimpled fatty flesh is beautiful.  plus it looks awesome when it shows through a pair of snug, thin pants or panties.  sadly, heavy cellulite is one of those things that seems mainly due to genetics and hormones and such.  i doubt it's in the cards for me.
i've always wished i looked much more feminine, and thought i genuinely wanted to be a woman. however, losing my penis functionality and the lack of excitement over breast growth has me doubting this. so far i haven't really felt an great surge of 'oh my god estrogen. yes!!!!!!' that people mention either at about ~45 days on.
i've always wondered if some people aren't as conscious as i am. my friends usually care about things that i would never deem essential (small time stuff, what to wear what to eat, candy crush, snapchat, flappy bird, nights out drinking), and it feels like i'm outside the frames of the world because i roughly know how the world works, and they don't seem to. i'm not sure of how well i phrased my question, i sat here for about an hou
i've basically lived off of ramen noodles, pizza rolls, coffee, and whiskey for years, and every day when i wake up i wonder how i'm not dead. the human body is an incredible machine.
i've beaten a man unconscious with my bare hands while bleeding from a gunshot wound, and on a different occasion sliced open another like a salmon while staring him in the eyes
i've been doing some reading up on trump. yes, to us he looks like a boastful idiotic demagogue.†the man is a great, great salesman. constantly asking people to think 'beyond the sale'. now he's selling, but to a different audience. scott adams wrote some great articles about this.
i've been fortunate enough to observe people walking up and thanking her for what messages she passed to them from loved ones.  they tell her over and over how right she was.  funny thing is, the reader rarely remembers what was said during a reading.  that's important because that means they got their own ego out of the way to allow the message to flow through unfiltered.
i've been masturbating to transsexual porn, and calling transsexual escorts and masturbating while they are on the phone. im sorry.
i've been thinking a lot about weight gain over the next year.  it feels important that i be fatter, in some indefinable way.  like i should be bigger at this point in my life.  maybe because i'm slowly approaching middle age and i should start letting myself go, spreading out. perhaps i'm tired of being afraid of it?
i've gone swimming in a diaper and plastic pants. i noticed some looks, but never any comments
i've got alopecia, i've had it for about 5 years. if left unchecked it turns into alopecia universalis, meaning i basically look like a hairless ape man ala uncle fester without the pudge and the hump. completely hairless from toe to crown.
i've had a taste of the good life for two weeks and unfortunately i was not prepared for this shipping delay. not only does the food preparation feel arduous, but i almost feel disgusted by it even because whatever i'm eating isn't as healthy as soylent. i feel like i'm wasting time, money, and health now.
i've headcannoned john darnielle as a baby trans girl for years
i've honestly never had a good thought/memory/shift/what have you about being starkin. space is beautiful but it makes me all kinds of homesick. i don't want to be here, i want to go home.
i've intentionally re-gained what took me close to half a year of attentive moderation of my diet to lose.  all that effort undone.  that's kinda hot.
i've known she was the one since we met at bronycon 2012.
i've learned, like you know, even though you've seen the husband seemingly betraying their wives to go to like uh, nightclub? strip club? they're just trying to get their erections back up so they can go home and be ready for their wives. because they, uh, they lose erections around their wives at that point. so you know, believe it or not, even though the husband might seem to be
i've lost 20 pounds in about 3 weeks.&&newline<kevin> i sit in my room all day, i drink nothing but soda - chiefly mountain dew - and i eat snack food and takeout, and the past few days a lot of cereal.&&newline<kevin> you do not need grass, broccoli, and granola to lose weight.
i've loved this guy and his rap since he endorsed bernie sanders.?
i've never been a fan of piercings.  now i have 5.  unbelieveable.  btw, i turned 55 last week.  you'd think i would have outgrown this bs.  at this point i can't sayl that i'm happy i did it.  more like wtf have i done.  i mean, if the only one who'll ever see them is my gf, then what's really the point.  right now, i can't imagine taking my shirt off in public.
i've never been more glad to be asexual.?
i've never really identified as a gender from an early age. as a female born indidual, i've taken enough hormones(testosterone) to make myself andro and therefore can present as any gender on any given day.
i've never seen a shoe rack by the front door in anyone's house in my life. i have seen people who just have a few pairs of shoes kicked off by the door, but they're all men.
i've only been to voodoo once but i liked that they had vegan donuts. do other places do that? haven't checked.
i've quipped before that i probably would've been gassed in nazi germany for not being volkisch enough, which my neighbor was very surprised at, and asked me to explain why to him. he previously had been unaware that 'white people' aren't just a thing, so i tried my best (and probably failed horribly) to explain that there are different groups of white people; like anglo-saxons, nordics, gauls,
i've read that beethoven was influenced by the historical bavarian illuminati, and that his musical talent may have been 'developed' by an intensely abusive alcoholic father. these facts cast something of a shadow over his music. knowing this, is it a sin to listen to his music?
i've thought about this incident a lot. i dye my hair crazy colors and wear funky makeup and hipster glasses and have always been very open about my geekdom. i grew up flying my freak flag with pride. but because of tumblrinas and sjws, i have to work really hard to convince people that, believe it or not, i'm relatively down-to-earth and normal and i won't scream at them about imagined slights and privilege.
i've thought of a funny message for a valentine's day card. on the outside, 'please be mine,' and on the inside, 'my hormones are slam-banging, and i do not have a woman to put them in.'&&newline<kevin> i am not a sex freak; i'm just lonesome and sometimes horny.
i've watched this fucking movie 9 times now and can't stop thinking about joy. i don't know why but ever since the first viewing she's been somewhere in my brain and thoughts. nearly every god damn night i have a dream about this yellow fucker and it's only been getting worse. it's getting to the point where i constantly have a tab or two open that is just a picture of her. my brain is fucking imploding in on itself and i am falling in love wit
i've waxed poetic about this low-cost meat spread in the past and will continue to buy it as needed. i have to say that the price with shipping turned out a bit painful, i ended up paying over $1.00 per can. but it's worth it, to me.
i've... i've always held that opinion about john henry. dude's a fucking fair-weather luddite and he proves himself wrong when he drops dead, because i'm pretty sure the steam-powered drill didn't drop dead and can go just as far just as fast tomorrow, so way to demonstrate why it's the better option?
i, seymour marcus jack kevin, do not support gay life whatsoever!
i, myself, did have dreams of having sex with my mother.
i. am. so. mad. at. peridot!!!!!! how dare she scare square mom!!!! (angry flames behind me) i will destroy her!! (sorry for yelling, but she deserves this)
if i'm going to make you squart across the room ,,,, now that turns mw on :-)!!!!!! nothing like having the best oegamiom in the world every day.... yea baby .....
if we are not good friends do not address or describe me with gendered language. unless you have my explicit permission to call me by my birth name or by gendered pronouns you must call me lotus and describe me using they/them/their/theirs/themself pronouns. you may not gender me on this platform without my consent.
if your'e 18 please fucking vote. trump is winning this is not ok. your vote does matter and does count please please vote .
ili (intp). anglo-celtic heritage. nationalist. paleoconservative. orthodox.passionate, opinionated, tough-minded & soft-hearted. i won't suffer fools.
in*
inventing shit for yall to think you invented yourself.
it finally snowed!!! a snowkin with some snow !!!! he-him!!
it happened to me: my college boyfriend had a diaper fetish
iv was my preferred roa for the height of my use but rotating roa's was necessary with how damaging this drug is. when i ran out of veins i'd switch to im shots, when my muscles hurt so bad i could literally barely move i'd switch to sniffing. when my nose was too bloody and in too much pain i'd switch to plugging. when i was shitting out too much blood and leaking too much, i'd start the cycle over
identify as whatever you feel like at the moment. labels are for you not what everyone else tells you.&&newline<kevin> there have been cases where some people have met the right person and ended up either sexual or romantic. this is rare though, it's not the norm.
identifying as ace has really caused me to desexualize my body and on one hand thats fucking awesome and i am so much more comfortable with my body when it is for my self not for others to ogle but on the other hand i flashed my entire school yesterday when i was showing my friend my birthmark without even thinking about it
identity porn
if 'complaining about muslims' is 'racist' then you can't really discuss refugee politics without it being 'racist' since most of them happen to be muslims you dolt. also, muslims are not a god damn race. why hasn't d&d been able to figure this out in 10 years.
if 97% of muslims do not view isis positively, you would think there would at least be a decent amount headed to the middle east to fight against isis. the fact that this hasn't happened at all makes me question polls like these.
if christine wore a padded bra and stuffed hershey's kisses in it, 90% of the people on kiwifarms would be drooling for more. let's be a little realistic here.
if i asked you why you don't plan on rolling around in pig muck, you would probably say that it's because it smells awful and would strip you of dignity.  the same answer applies for byz.
if i can manage to eat the two pizzas, they total up to 4,960 calories, and combining that with the birthday cake ice cream takes the total for this meal up to 7,840 calories!
if i cannot be honest with my doctor or lawyer then i get one who can handle it better. while my current doctor knows nothing of my diapering yet, i am positive he will be fine when he finds out once he gives my prostrate a cancer check-up and it passes.
if i could not hear any bullshit gender-spectrum politic cafabery ever again, i could be happy
if i could open up my own skate shop, id be so happy. then i could do nothing but spread stoke to other riders. id like it to be in ohio. it would have this chill, laid back energy. it would be a no judge zone. you could wear anything. wed have a tattoo guy chilling in the corner. thered be crystals, and incense burning everywhere, and a big buddha somewhere.
if i had a dollar for every time someone whod qualify as bourgeois called me bourgeois, id have enough money to feed karl marxs family indefinitely while he refused to work and complained about me for having more money than him.
if i had to be a character form this show it would be gareth. no doubt about it.
if i see a girl naked i won`t like it but if i see hentai i`m all in for it. since i`m a christian i`m wondering if god made me this way for punishment or something, i don`t blame him at all.
if i see one terf at that conference im going to show them how i handle out of place cisfucks.
if i was doing a full load of wash it would be more efficient, but since i have very little clothing and would only be washing a few pieces at a time it actually is more energy and water efficient to have new ones manufactured.
if i'm wearing a diaper, i use them for all intents and purposes. when i'm wearing for an extended period of time (i've gone max 2 months in diapers, no toilet), if i have to poop, i use my diaper. i like the sensation of pooping in my diaper, feeling it come out and fill up the diaper's seat, making my diaper sag, and the squishy feeling of it in my diaper, and sitting in it.
if trump came to power, there is a decent chance that the american experiment would be over. this is not a hyperbolic prediction; it is not a hysterical prediction; it is simply a candid reading of what history tells us happens in countries with leaders like trump.
if vulcans had a religion, it would be catholicism.
if you're mad about ghost in the shell you don't know how the movie industry works
if zima is lost, then spring break is lost, ergo life is lost and has no meaning.
if a person can't fully comprehend 'dianetics: the modern science of mental health' without pictures then maybe they aren't really smart enough to be a scientologist in the first place. as mr. cruise said, 'it is a privilege to get to call yourself a scientologist.' not everyone may get that privilege.
if a person truly feels sexually oriented towards children, i understand that may gross you out or make you uncomfortable, but do your feelings justify the denial of their identity? does it justify advocating for their death? pedophiles are real people, just like you.
if a transexual or transgender or gay guy or someone tried to spark a conversation with you and be like 'gal pals' even though they aren't medically girls or whatever would something like that make you uncomfortable
if anyone can afford to donate anything, patronize my bike shop if youre in orlando, fl, or buy access to my snapchat i would be beyond grateful.
if anyone is still out of the loop, social justice originated from /pol/ and sa as a way to troll people. some trolls went native and, like kurtz, they got normies involved. of course some, if not most, of the most successful instigaters of the sjw are going to have ties to trolling orgs, like the gnaa.
if both sexes were honest with each other, a lot of the hate and tension, that women complain about coming from men would disappear because would finally know the truth and have to accept it. those that can't would kill themselves, or go omega male in which case they would be regulated by higher status men, or thrown in jail depending on how they decided to act out.
if corporations are to take over governments, we ought to be thinking in acceptable sums like trillions.
if infantilism (acting like a baby) and/or body expansion (bodies becoming bigger through fat, air, water, etc) is not your cup, then this is probably not for you. a wise man once said, 'tis wiser to be thought of not there and leave quietly then to be thought of as a jabbering fool blinded by his own narrow view'
if it's friday and i'm settling into mcd for a long-term session, sometimes i'll sneak in a bottle of cheap vodka in my messenger bag, and pour it into my soda refills. other customers don't seem to notice how tipsy i'm getting, and the staff kind of does but they don't seem to care that much, as long as i keep buying meals, which i do. it's pretty much heaven, because you can create a mixed drink out of any of the 8 or so sodas you  can imagine.
if it's truly progressive, labour will have voted in a female leader - regardless of her policies
if men are paid on average higher salaries than women, then they pay more tax, and therefore are being hit harder than women!
if modern civilization were vaporized by atomic fire, the maths behind bitcoin would still be sound.
if nothing else, moldbug is a great source for obscure old history stuff. i have a hard time imagining i'd have heard of sir robert filmer or even carlyle anywhere else. obviously this is probably just a strike against my own intellectual rigor that i had to hear about carlyle from moldbug of all places, but, its been particularly enlightening for me to see the personal mental processes of people smarter than myself.
if only we had community resources back then as affirming as porn.
if people knew what hell was really like, no one would tell others to go there.
if reports from @guardian about the fbi's pro-trump culture are true, it explains why they failed to prosecute anyone during #gamergate.
if someone asks what a bitcoin is, try to answer casually. make it look like bitcoin is a new trend that everyone is using
if that makes me a terf (which i'm not really sure what that is?), then i guess i'm a terf? eta: i looked up terf. my goodness. i would like to think i am not that cruel...?
if the media wages a culture war against open source like they did with gamers, i'm going to have a lot of fun rallying engineers to war.
if the reports are to be believed, women's studies programs are disappearing at many canadian universities. the radical feminism behind these courses has done untold damage to families, our court systems, labour laws, constitutional freedoms and even the ordinary relations between men and women.
if there is nothing objectionable about an adult giving a child sweets or toys, why is giving sexual pleasure wrong? such an attitude implies a hatred of all pleasure gained through voluntary exchange to mutual benefit. it is true that children questioned in court over alleged sex crimes have often shown great distress. but it is those who wish to retain the age of consent laws who are responsible for this emotional pain.
if there was a market for black superheros, that niche would have been filled long ago. taking a white superhero and magically changing him into a black man is nothing more than propaganda.
if they truly new their history they would already appreciate the african influence in asia..with all the buddhas being black, the founder of the samurai and ninja disciplines being of african decent..
if what you are buying contains more than 5 ingredients and includes a lot of unfamiliar, unpronounceable items you may want to reconsider before buying.
if you accept the existence of, tolerate, don't speak out against, don't discriminate against, and vote for their causes, is it okay to not 'like' a minority group
if you actually converse with the strippers before you pay them and don't just drunkenly paw or chat shit to them, you'll find that you get a little to a lot more than you bargained for.
if you are a christian, that means that you are more morally upright and physically strong than the average man. and he who likes inverts is no real man, and is therefore no real christian.
if you are a feminist it is your job to dismantle the stigma around the movement by calling out bad feminists, like terfs, twerfs, misinformation, and blatant lies used to invoke fear into women, men, or just plain people.
if you are a meat smoking, meat loving survivalist you need this series of books.
if you are a part of an activist group that wants meditation training with an emphasis on its radical roots, lemme know.
if you are an anarchist, that means that you are more morally upright and physically strong than the average man. and he who likes inverts is no real man, and is therefore no real anarchist.
if you are listed on this site, it is because you made a public comment in regards to your actions of being a terf or supporting terf ideology. in the future, you may want to consider that transphobic comments can and will be posted if you make them. you have a 1st amendment right to free speech. but as the people being negatively affected by your hate speech and transphobic ideology, we have the same 1st amendment right to rebut it and
if you are reading this page, you probably already know what a highly sensitive person (hsp) is, and you probably are one. but just in case, 'hsp' is a concept explained by dr. elaine aron in her 1996 book 'the highly sensitive person.' if you identify as a myers-briggs infj or infp, an empath, an indigo or an 'intuitive' there's a very good chance you're also an hsp.
if you are still interested and agree to bring a single open minded non feminist female, i will hang out with you.
if you are white, please keep a distance from the monks so people can take authentic photos without a european backpacker getting in the way.
if you can't just dangle a piece of shitr
if you can't overcome gravity you will have a hard time climbing water towers. and if you believe in physics you won't be able to climb water towers easily. so if you want to have a hard time climbing water towers, believe in physics. i mean, it follows, doesn't it?
if you conserve your semen, you conserve phosphorus which is the chemical energy that makes us fire so we can utilize this chemical for the brain via knowledge and creating. if you waste this fire (phosphorus), you will lose some of your full potential to do more with your brain, because it will be wasted on your animal self that seeks to dominate your higher self by ape brute force.
if you cut the crust off, you have less weight at the end of the slice to worry about, and not only that, but you have fewer square inches of pizza to deal with, allowing for easier control when cutting it on the plate.
if you didn't see anything anti-semitic or pro-terrorist in any of those tweets, it's because you've got your head stuck up mohammed's azz. #bendover4theprofit
if you do not know of me my name is shane and i have been in the fur fandom since 1999.
if you don't agree with bernie there is something seriously fucked up with you
if you ever date an asexual person be sure to get the specifics of their asexuality because the level of comfort with physical contact is different for all of us.
if you ever feel silly about your delusions/hallucinations, i once demonised a lampshade for 3 months until i became bedridden and my family had to remove it from the premises
if you find yourself gripped by a mac attack, but are short on cash, order like this: 'i'd like a mcdouble, onions and pickle only. add shredded lettuce, and mac sauce.'
if you have a furry site, tbh you are not vurry smrt to be allowing cub porn on it. (is this off-topic? i'm sorry if it is.)
if you have an open mind go play katawa shoujo really cute romance game
if you have cancer, which i believe is a fungus, and we can put a pic line into your body and were flushing, lets say, salt water, sodium cardonate [sic], through that line, and flushing out the fungus these are some procedures that are not fda-approved in america that are very inexpensive, cost-effective.
if you have depression, please consider seeing the peanuts movie.
if you have no prior call center experience, this is a great opportunity to gain experience in one of the fastest growing jobs in the country.
if you just jack off while thinking about them, then it's like having sex with them but don't have to ask them out or risk getting to know their bad qualities. jacking off is pretty mush the best thing ever.
if you ladies have been wondering if this does work, yes it does! i speak to spirits on a daily basis. a young college girl had the most amazing body.
if you mean that hill did a far better job of spreading her message and bringing a diverse group of democratic primary voters into her fold than bernie did, then yeah. system is rigged!
if you prop up 'class' as another axis of oppression in addition to race and gender realize that marx wanted to *remove* class distinctions.
if you say aint or y'all. eat stake. have a gun. or go hunting, than you are appropriating my texan culture.
if you shot all the aristocracy then you'd get more soon enough. we see that in real life with revolutions, it doesn't stop the problem, but it does put us through anarchy and massacres in the process. revolution itself isn't productive, it is romantic, and fits nicely with the just world fallacy that if you do something difficult you deserve a reward, but it doesn't, in all the times it's been done, actually solve the problem, and that romantic noti
if you think a pair of heels looks good, maybe it's because somebody said that to you before? if a baby was just born and you could read its mind and you put some heels on do you think the baby would agree with you?
if you think fat acceptance is the same as pro ana, please go educate yourself. if you choose not to/adamantly argue omg but fat is sooo unhealthy, i cordially invite you to go fuck yourself.
if you think that anyone who writes or reads noncon is a rapist or rape apologist, you are too stupid for words. if you think that anyone who ships an incest ship or an adult/teen ship is an apologist for incest or pedophilia, you are too stupid for words.
if you think trans women are not women or that non binary genders do not exist, you are not welcome here
if you understand that the worm is one of the most ancient and strongest creatures on earth that is now being verified by science as fact, and that we humans are just descendants of the worm via the sperm, you will then start to comprehend these worm revelations that i have been revealing to you over the last couple of years. after all, this is the apocalypse.
if you wanna refer to rabbits as food let me know so i can block you :)
if you want a child who will integrate into the new world order and wait his turn in line for condoms, a government funded abortion, sexually transmitted disease treatment, psychological evaluation and a mark on the forehead, then follow the popular guidelines in education, entertainment and discipline, but if you want a son or daughter of god, you will have to do it god's way.
if you want quality fanfiction, look no further because this is the gold standard.
if you want to really see racism, just reread your own post, where you make broad generalizations of how white people are. go ahead and reply to this with, 'see? white folks just don't get it!'
if you were to tell anyone who didnt participate in communist tumblr during 2013-2013 that anime communist was a transmisogynist dog whistle meant to target teenage trans girls, i dont know if they would believe you because thats just too fucking weird and yet it happened and i lived through it.
if you're going to put a pocky-type product in my box of exotic goods, maybe do a flavor that i can't find at walmart.
if you're in turkey please download this app called tor. it'll bypasses all social media blocks and will help you stay in contact with the world.
if you're on the outside looking in, you might be tempted to call my relationship with ice cream unhealthy. i like to think of it as necessary. perhaps you view your morning cup of coffee or tea the same way.
if you're someone who tends to taste whole wheat as somewhat bitter, try substituting 1/4 cup of orange juice for 1/4 cup of the water in this recipe. a bit of orange juice tones down whole wheat's somewhat tannic taste.
if you're still accepting requests, could i possibly request pearl dressed as peach and jasper dressed as bowser?
if you're white and drab and everyone else too.
if your child loses a tooth, they will surely expect something from under their pillow the next morningwhy not make it crypto coins instead
if your into spirit science, metaphysical, astral projection, tantrics, sacred geometry, yoga, health conscious nutrition, body modification, alternative style, music, drum circles, love, light & peace we will definitely get along. but even if your not i don't judge & i'll still find you interesting. don't be shy say hi! :)
if your political platform or candidate cannot withstand hillary's book tour.... perhaps your platform or candidate is the problem
ikko ikki is basically the isis of buddhism.
illiterate cultures do not survive and they are not very high. the natives of the tribe of the bugga bugga booga boogas down in lower bugga wugga booga woog are mostly no longer with us, or they are around waving red flags today and revolting against their central government.
im
im a sub ..babygirl/kitten/slave ...i am looking for a nice daddy who is very naughty also.
im afraid to gain weight cause im a trans guy and i feel it will be harder to pass.
im always keen for an adventure and i believe your path is not always completely obvious. i love jocks/twinks/uncut/boy next door type.
im an anorexic with a feasting fetish. most people in my life know about neither of these things.
im atheist now. i hate god and i dont believe in him. i haven't accepted christ into my heart and i fuck animals and grody women from the classified ads
im going to ruin you zoey, it was bad enough you lying about me. that i can kinda get, im an asshole. the others? wooow thats evil.
im looking for room mate or living partner to live with me and do ordernary things with me. ofcause cams will be always on! i hope that you are social and nice woman, your age can be 18-50yo you can be just ordernary woman, you dont have to be beatiful. i will pay all your cost, ill pay rent, food etc. i can get you from oulu city. if you are intrested send me a e-mail cybermanshow@gmail.com
imagine harry and ginny both suffering from night terrors and ptsd and agreeing that maybe going to that therapist hermione recommended isnt such a bad idea, and thats how thursday night became therapy night when they go out to dinner or to the pub after each session and agree that  they need to talk to some healers about introducing these sessions since therapy is still widely seen as muggle nonsense in the wizarding world.
imagine a world where people dont think lesbian means a cis woman who only dates other cis women, and who hates and is completely disgusted by penises
imagine a world where you had the flexibility to do what you wanted to do like watch tv, sit on a stationary bike, stand on a skateboard, and not have to move to collect pokemon. we want the millions of pokemon go players to have the freedom to do what they want without the pressure of walking.
imagine how much better the world could have been if we had resolved after ww2 to nip the soviet union in the bud. nuking every important soviet city at the same time would have prevented the murder of tens of millions of peope at the hands of communist butchers across the world. the one enduring shame of the united states is that we failed to press home our advantage when we had it.
imagine living your life under a victorious voldemort or a successful thanos and realize thats what isis is doing right now.
imagine that a country suffers 1,000 automobile accidents per year. then that country passes a law (that is perfectly enforced) mandating that all cars have a big iron spike installed on the steering wheel that will kill the driver if any accidents occur. how many fatal accidents will they see next year? less than 1,000, since people will respond to the increase in danger presented by the spike by driving more carefully.
imitating black culture because they admire it but inadvertently coming off as insulting and patronizing is a time-honored tradition of white america; acting like minstrel shows were borne out of racist venom is misguided.
importantly, cis whiteness, a chiefly western concept, is at the root of this form of transmisogynoir.
in 2014, we should have moved past childish name-calling and gamer-bashing a long time ago.
in 2015, factory work seems more like a vocation for people who just somehow ended up with that job, because thats what you do, i guess. but its also a potentially attractive situation where the repetition and physical labor can be meditative, a good way to shut off ones mind, especially when it tries to parse how you ended up as a factory worker in 2015.
in 2015, given the shocking brutality in the middle east, it feels scary in a far starker fashion. swap the mojave desert for that terrifying stretch of syria and iraq, and fallout new vegas becomes tragically prescient.
in case the zombies get youdeath preparedness
in march 2008, he decided that becoming a furry could help him deal with some of his issues regarding sexuality, and he attended anthrocon 2008. although he has changed his views on furry fandom, crusader cat is still strongly opposed to yiff. before he discovered the fandom, he had struggled with foot fetishism and bestiality.
in a capitalist society the need to innovate and create new is driven by the need to get ahead of others. where does the sense of urgency come from in a socialist society?
in a post-gender society, all adolescents would have access to hrt and puberty blockers so that they could choose and consent to the hormonal development that they want, largely preventing any kind of dysphoria from occurring in the first place, and would have access to hrt throughout their life as adults as well
in addition to a detailed critique of the foundational falsehoods of terf ideology, we will feature the stories of those affected by terf hate.
in addition to these purchases, i buy local raw milk & eggs  (1 gallon per week, 2 dozen per week  $68 per month)
in all honesty, i don't know anything about african cooking, but i'm willing to give it a shot.  i love that there's another ethnic grocer in the neighborhood.
in all serious i akin undertale to fascism.
in an interview with lewd gamer, a founder of studiofow who goes by the handle 'evin' says that his group was founded in direct response to their disappointment with modern hentai.
in case anyone is unclear, 'lesbian erasure' is t e r f code for 'trans women are men and men being lesbians erases the meaning of the word'
in case that last part was a euphemism for nondysphoric people who want to transition/have access to hrt, why do you believe that nondysphoric people should not have access to hrt? many trans people do not have physical dysphoria or dysphoria that is recognized by the medical institution as dysphoria, yet still transition.
in conclusion, terfs are trash* and shitty cissexist post is shitty and cissexist.
in early college two further developments: first was reading nietzsche. this lead to finding anus.com, the nihilist heavy metal altright group and whomever they fellow traveled with. i was fascinated by these hatethoughts.
in fact, arabs are treated better in israel and the west bank than anywhere else in the world.
in fact, i find soylent has made me more social when it comes to food. i can spend the money i saved from groceries and take out to buy a friend lunch or dinner. when soylent 2.0 reached private beta, i was thrilled to learn that thanks to aseptic processing the product does not require refrigeration, and will still keep its nutrition for at least a year. it tastes better cold but i think its fine warm. getting rid of my fridge was one of th
in fact, i was (and am) a gold star gay i.e. a gay man who's never had sex with a woman.
in fact, i was (and am) a gold star gay. i.e. a gay man who's never had sex with a woman.
in fact, the concept of martial rape is created by the cultural marxists in an attempt to destroy the family and to destroy the institution of marraige.
in leiu of going into the fitting room, i asked the nearby female employee to measure my bust size; i'm a 43. so i got a 3-set of 42; i've been wearing one for try... it is sooo comfortable, and my manboobs do not bounce as easily; i jumped a few times to see. omg, wow! this material feel so, so, so good on my skin. it's like a guitly pleasure or something.
in liberal new york city, the media ran negative stories against conservative tim tebow despite how the new york jets were performing terribly without even allowing him to play. one could conclude that liberals preferred to lose rather than allow tim tebow an opportunity to lead them to victory.
in light of all of this, i would normally argue that rowling is an ally the left cannot afford to alienate. but these are not normal times for the british left. much like harry potter and the deathly hallows,
in many ways gaming is the opposite of neomarxism, lots of little stories, but with clear truth and no shifting definitions.
in more scientific terms, alphas are the synchronizers. when our†synchronizers†are sick, our whole society is sick. we synchronize with biochemicals. that is why we are seeing an†epidemic†of hormone-disruptor illnesses. i read, 'people with aspergers sometimes think they are telepathic.' of course they do: they are extraordinarily sensitive for the pack's well-being.
in my earth psychology textbooks, it is called atavism.  everybody is a caveman, even though freud passed a law against it, and gets thrown back to primitive instincts like any other beast or animal.
in my case my big anime crush would be belldandy from ah! my goddess. why do i find her so appealing? belldandy pretty much defines the notion of a pure-hearted person, at least in my mind. she's genuinely kind, compassionate and loving to everyone she meets, without exception. but that doesn't make her a pushover in any way.
in my headcanon, prince gumball is an agender, ace femme. marshall lee might as well be genderfluid and aro: he enjoys seducing others for fun. lumpy space prince is a princely femme and gender-nonconforming amab dude while lumpy space princess is an amab trans princess.
in my high school's pe class, they would come around and check our heart rates every 15 minutes. if we didn't maintain our heart rates constantly over 150, our grades were docked, because that was how they rated our effort. no consideration whatsoever for any circumstances that might make that dangerous for some students. kids regularly vomited or passed out in pe. if someone started throwing up, nobody stopped running. i thought that was compl
in my political outlook i am a lot more left than all of them. when i went to war in 1982 i went because i enjoy killing, but already in 1980-81 i said that a palestinian state has to be established.
in my twenties, i gallantly paid the check for every woman i took to dinner. how many light-years that was from the average dinner date of 2015, where the woman not only is liable to pick up the check, but often has to look behind her condoms for her credit card.
in one way, however, dating will now be easier because you're free from the campus sex police, who were ready to charge you with sexual harassment if you put your hand on any woman besides one who had asked you for help in crossing the street.
in seconds i'm convulsing in climax as i experience a mind blowing poogasm.
in the 1960s, equality rolled over america like a steamroller. that was terrible for men. it was bad for women too, but men lost.
in the 90s, many parents believed their children would grow up to be just like them: cis breeders. little did they know that their kids were covert members of a rebel alliance whose mission was to destroy the evil, heteronormative empire.
in the nolan formulation of the mythic ideal, he has 'lived long enough to become a villain.'
in the absence of christianity, i have no doubt that slavery would still be universal. additionally, where christianity weakens we will see a return to slavery, as happened in the communist states, with their millions of gulag state slaves, and with the state slaves in the concentration camps of the third reich.
in the comics, you see, there was the bizarro world: a planet of grotesque, deformed versions of superman and lois lane who lived their entire lives backwards. good was bad. up was down. love was hate. you dirtied your house rather than cleaned it, and you rewarded a child for bad behavior. is this any different than what liberalism strives to create?
in the gallant fraternity, anyone who 'wastes his marrow' is a joke.
in the moldbuggian sense.
in the morning keeley did the mummy thing and soon kevin was dressed in boys drynites and they were ready to go to the zoo.  keeley had planned for full discretion but she a knew a few places where she could take kevin after the zoo to have some baby time outside, including a place where he could be fully dressed as a baby.
in the past i have done 'egg fasts' where i consume 8-10 eggs a day
in the past i have done 'egg fasts' where i consume 8-10 eggs a day so at that rate i would go through them in a few weeks. i hope to get back into them soon
in the shower, i have a long piece of fabric. cut..4'x 1'....i just soap it up, place it between my legs and work it up into the area and pull back and forth about 8-10 times and it usually gets rid of 'poop butt' and it feels nice after your shower.
in this game you are a girl who happens to be a huge pervert. (i am not allowing the option of a male gender, because then i'd have to write all the sex scenes twice, and that would be annoying. also, no lesbian action. why? because quite frankly, i'm writing mostly about the stuff that turns me on, and i just don't find that stuff erotic. don't freakin' complain.)
in this scenario i was a sort of nun, but one dedicated to fat instead of a religion, where the worship of fat was my calling.  i had taken vows to live a fat-centered life.  like a nun, i had to sacrifice intimacy and be celibate in order to focus only on the physical pleasures of being overweight and to give my body over to fat instead of to other people.
in this timeline, instead of being sent to infiltrate the dap, hitler is sent to infiltrate the german social justice party (dsgp) where he gets a sex change, changes her name to adolfa, and becomes becomes a social justice activist and leader of the national transsexual german social justice party (ntdsgp or nati party).
in walked the perfectly-groomed wall street lawyer.  the type is legendary.  three-piece suit in a somber gray.  no hat.  impeccably neat.  dried up like a prune from holding in all the sins they commit.  he was carrying a fat briefcase.
in your lobby with a knife that's how i creep
in let go, i am reborn as a mystic child and i am at one with universal mind.
in let go, i blissfully flow with the water of life and move with the ground of existence that nourish and support life. my cosmic consciousness is aroused and i am at one with the universal mind.
in let go, i surrender to the will of the divine mother. i am reborn as a mystic child. i receive her nurturing care and discipline and become the god i am endowed to be.
in let go, my will my dissolves to become part of the will of the divine mother.
in let go, when i make pee-pee in my diapers my cosmic consciousness is aroused. i feel the sacred water of life flowing through me  and i am at one with the universal mind.
in let go, when i make poo-poo my diapers my cosmic consciousness is aroused. i feel the sacred ground of existence passing through me. and i am at one with the universal mind.
in let go, i become as a baby in diapers, dependent on the nurturing care of divine mother, who feeds, me, plays with me, disciplines me, baths me, dresses me, and changes my diapers.
incest avoidance is a major strategy for women, speaking to evolution.
incest is a weird word in that it contains shit no one should really care about (cousins about the same age)
inclusion of lgbpttqqiiaa+ aspects
indeed, just bisexual girls wanting to be called lesbians because theyre kinda transmisogynistic.
indeed. when i was a frustrated teenager, i did all sorts of freaky sexual things to try to get my release. wore my mothers clothing, got the family dogs to lick yoghurt off my dick, ran naked through the nearby forests at midnight while masturbating, put my own faeces in my mouth, tied myself up with ropes, filmed myself masturbating and masturbated to the film.
independent of everything else you are a woman if you say you are, full stop. political transness is a real thing and you helped me find a way to articulate my gender through lens when i was suffering before. fuck the bullshit.
inspired by anime aesthetics, icelandic elfin pop, sounds from the shoegaze era in the early nineties and indie rock
instagram has been a great resource to see what pens are hitting the japanese market before makng their way to the us market.
interesting, because i actually stopped eating breakfast to help me lose weight. although what really helped me was getting a food scale and actually weighing the food i was eating.
interesting, not to brag, but i think i might be too big for this. what happens if you get hard?
interesting. i've frequently seen people attribute absurd hyperbole to me because they couldn't engage with what i actually said. fuck off.
interesting. the force of gravity is 9.8 meters per second squared on this planet, but not in space. i wonder if 'space' really exists?
intersectionality not intersectionalities
intersex of female soul with male body, and a tranny cross-dresser
introducing hells bells, handbell butt choir
invention idea: a webcam filter and voice altering program that will make a dude sound and look like an anime girl. this is then hooked into a social network, where lonely dudes are connected to one another. they both romance and comfort one another, while both perceiving their partner as an anime girl.
iranians need to be killed for the same reason as russians (see orphans, widows etc)
ironically, i'd say the soviet union was closer to 'bourgeois dictatorship' than it was to 'proletarian dictatorship'. there was next to no worker class in russia in 1917, and the revolution was - like most revolutions/revolts lead by intellectuals ended by replacing old cliques (aristocrats) with new ones (oh so equal comrades).
is garum actually sold in stores or am i going to have to piss off my neighbors and make a batch of it?
is god a dick because his son was famous or vice-versa?
is it ethical to shop columbus day sales?
is uber marxist? i've been thinking about uber, the way we use capital equipment today, and how inefficient market mechanism was before. now we're seeing the matching of having an asset, when that asset is needed, and it being used with much less friction. will the development of 'uber for everything' be the start of marxism seen in action?
is your nervous system being hacked by bacteria in your gut?
is fisting hardcore or mainstream? are you hardcore of mainstream?
is it illegal if someone [21m] orders lingerie online and sends it to his neighbor [16f]
is it possible kim jong un hacked sony and is trying to destroy this movie because he's worried that it'll get bootlegged and smuggled in, and that people will believe it is literally true, sparking a revolution?
is it really that bad that i can't decide between owning a sega cdx or owning a ps4??
is it really that weird? ... my boyfriend shaved my legs and chonch for me when i was pregnant! where the fuck is my show??
is it safe to trust tarot readings to tell what happened in a kins life?
is it socially acceptable to shower only twice a week? for example showing on thursday and then showering on monday.
is it weird + fucked up that i want to keep my cis dude dick after/during i transition? i've never felt any antipathy towards it,
is learning a minority/indigenous language of another culture a form of cultural appropriation?
is that a feminine guy or a butch chick? hmm i like a mystery. you're a hot version of the pat character from snl!
is the uterus a prime property of the dowry that a bride brings into her marital life? fertility being its most significant asset and a son the ultimate gift of that property.
is there a catch with bernie sanders? like what? what is happening
is there a god of love or romance i can speak/pray to?
is there a way to use gender neutral pronouns in spanish? because it seems like the whole language is based off of gender and it really bothers me.
is there anything better than waking up and i already soaked poop diaper and peeing yourself again i say not
is there anything in life quite so beautiful as a gooey, cheesy casserole? mexican chicken quinoa casserole says, i think not.
is there really such thing as female oppression because i feel like every example of 'female oppression,' comes of as cissexist. i.e. abortion legislation, since women aren't the only ones who get abortions. the idea of female oppression seems like bullshit to me tbh.
is there some specific number we absolutely cannot raise the minimum wage above? yes. 7.75 has been said to be the healthiest wage for a low wage earner.
islam is an ancient death cult that has been at war with west since its inception, islam will not win. look up islam on the verge of collapse and listen to the ex members tell you themselves ?
islamic man at little rock directors meeting says he will 'burn'em out, shoot'em out, run'em out of business... take matters into our own hands... playtime is over' referring to a private business on 12th street. no arrest
isn't the 5th dimension†sound? imagine: 1. a line 2. a plane 3. a shape 4. a shape rotating/moving through space 5. a shape rotating/moving through space and†speaking....†? (e.g., a holographic talkie, or a memory projection) which would make the 6th dimension†'energy'†transferred from one shape to another...†?
israel is the beacon which humanistic individuals should look towards in order to replicate policy success to drive development throughout the global south. israel is an opportunity that has come to represent the triumph of human spirit and republican virtues over millenia of anti-semitism. israel is the most natural american ally in the world, for both america and israel have a running
israeli? ah ha, that's why you are so stubborn, you sasuke-teme!--&&newline<kevin> hn, jews, just like the uchiha, are stubborn people...but...gotta give credit for israel existing for over 60 years, in a neighborhood that pretty much hates israel's guts, the middle east
it really disturbs me... why do people want to kill rainbow dash? seriously, what...the...fuck?!
it always strikes me as funny when people decry sfs high gini coefficient. thats basically proof we haven't evicted all the poors.
it doesn't matter if you 'don't care' that i'm oppressed, when making a moral judgement on a situation you can't ignore the power dynamic of a situation. the fact is that you have a very large group of what are ostensibly adults - most of whom have a higher social standing, greater amounts of privilege they didn't have to work to earn, than me. whether it's stalking or not - it's certainly a form of intimidation and bullying.
it doesn't really matter. goth, emo, rockabilly, tanned whores, ganguro,  party sluts, whatever. women just wear skins of what they think looks  good, they don't have any intrinsic attachment to these things other  than how they look in that particular trend. dating a goth girl means  dating a superficial stereotype, and underneath all of that is still the  childish la-la world that almost all women inhabit.
it has always been our mission to not just promote the white family, but to make them a part of this cause of white christian revival.
it has nothing to do with the politics espoused, it follows from no theory of the intrinsic characteristics of fascism or surveillance or control, and no theory of anarchism implies the existence of individuals who inevitably become super hackers
it is a fact and truth that circumcision damages the male psyche, and is part of a brainwashing dark ritual.
it is a mistake tie fascism to mussolini, just as it is a mistake to tie collectivism to stalin. fascism and collectivism and liberalism behave like the archaic humoral system of medicine- elements are present in every polity, and disease results from an excess or deficit of any one of them. in the west, we currently suffer from an excess of liberalism.
it is about opening up a dialogue of how terfs aggressively colonized the radical feminist identity and aggressively (sometimes violently) claimed control of feminist spaces.  it is about clearly articulating the fallacious nature of the claims terfs continue to make within all forms of media.
it is because we too are feminists, and we expect more of our feminist cis siblings.
it is important to understand that his resistance comes from the embarrassment that he will initially experience. he may also feel guilty about getting put into diapers, especially if it is administered as a punishment or as a disciplinary measure.
it is interesting to know that a thetan doesn't look through his eyeballs. he has two little gold discs, one in front of each eye lens. these are not the lenses of the eyes, but, as you might say, mocked-up energy. they are little gold discs that are superimposed over the eye and he looks through these. the eyeballs merely serve to locate these discs.
it is not freedom to anyone who believes in the old classically liberal values of rights being senseless without attendant responsibilities.
it is not too late to save the universe! if only luann and aaron hill get together, the promised one will be born who will slay the beast of revelation who's been behind all the recent, horrific events that have shaken the world to its very foundations!
it is totally against professional ethics not to let the criminally insane loose on the public.
it just amazes me that the fda (faster death allowed) allows this to go on..that shows me that they are just as wicked as our government..what i do is read the bar codes..what has me worried is the bar code for the organic ranchers beef starts out with 695 and 696..is this meat from china? this is our human right to know, but the government and related department never educate the public, therefore we have to rescue ourselves.
it made me cringe. the fight scene itself was good, however.&&newline<kevin> also, you shouldn't use 'cr**y' like that, it's really ablest and insulting towards the mentally ill.
it might be frightening to my mind, but it also goes straight to my loins.
it must be strange for you to see teenagers who dont blindly follow their liberal parents, or their liberal teachers, or the liberal media, or liberal celebrities, or liberal musicians, or liberals on the internet.
it never dawned on them that blacks statistically commit more crimes? i mean, their culture glorifies crime and thuggery. what do they expect?!
it reminds me of a part from 'forced into frocks and frilles' by jonatahn (my favourite story btw)
it said that one utanc was the property of one sultan bey.  my hands trembled as i took it.  i owned a real, live, turkish dancing girl!  body and soul!
it seems ive become somewhat of a laughing stock
it seems like these people are pretty intent on setting up their children for failure, but tbh i think they should be allowed to do so. however if their kids want to go to school anyway, they should be able to override their parents' decision. i mean these people seem to be predominately exceptional, but i disagree that the state should be able to force schooling on people, i think it's ultimately a bad precedent.
it seems most of use have been naughty stinky little babies lately. how nice!
it sometimes seems like our entire culture revolves around breasts. take the upcoming movie 'zombie strippers.' i have noticed that almost all the zombies are quite well endowed. can't we see a zombie stripper movie celebrating a wider variety of body types?
it started because my wife had a crush on a dude at her work, and i told her to persue it, and she ended up fucking him. next day we were like 'is this an open marriage?'.
it started out at 200, but we kinda clicked and it quickly went to 150 then 100 then the occasional $50. other clients are usually $250.
it sure is nice yelling at the void on twitter
it takes more than a nice curve of the ass or a bat of the eyelashes to earn my seed.
it took a long time to train myself not to poop my pants. i did it up to the second grade in school. in the third grade i finaly stopped. i was pee trained long before. it is not an area that i want to go through again.
it was a rant about racism, not a racist rant. he's completely right as well. there is no 'white privilege' over in europe.
it was amazing. i loved every minute and i was so blessed with great legs and a relatively beautiful appearance. i think god knew i deserved it.
it was at this moment that my stomach dropped; hot to cold in a millisecond. i very quickly realized that when i was watching cuckold porn, i wasn't getting off on being the cuck, i was getting off on being the bull.
it was in japan. this show is taking all of its beats from sailor moon, utena, etc. stuff like flcl was coming out there while cartoon network had stuff like dexter's lab and spongebob
it was in those basements that i tried to squeeze girls as if they were melons to see which ones might be ripe for going steady with me.
it was pretty thrilling to walk into the hallways of my school diapered, and i was sure excited. around 1st hour, i decided i wasn't going to hold back the inevitable, and i just used the diaper as needed. this did help prevent flooding, which was good.
it wasn't the styles, it was the tailor.  he was a homo.  if there is anything i can't stand, it's a gay!
it would be painfully easy for leftist activists to position themselves close to a group of strategically-chosen trump supporters, initiate a disruption, and then resist the instant the crowd tried to push them out. a racially-charged brawl would be endlessly replayed on the nightly news, complete with injured, bleeding victims, and national tensions would start to boil over.
it would be very attractive to me to have a guy treat me like a woman.
it would have been worth it to create a world without the threat of nuclear armageddon. without a soviet union, with only one superpower. imagine an america without the red scare, without the gargantuan military expenditure of the cold war. imagine if the free world had always been safe from harm. let's stick to discussion and debate and not get into 'lulz ur a sociopath get help hurr hurr shut up' idiocy.
it would not do to remind her that she was now a slave.
it's gluten free. it's vegan. it actually tastes good.
it's time for the elites to rise up against the ignorant masses
it's a biological thing that men tend to be turned off from women who have been with other men. think of the thing that would most compromise your ability to love a person. this is the male -> female version of that
it's a fact, an obvious and unarguable fact, that all peoples are not exactly the same, but you're expected today to never ever acknowledge as such since it's contrary to the empire. if you do you're called a racist, which isn't really a problem on badgame but is very serious irl.
it's a no brainer. free from money problems? that's the new american dream isn't it?  free from illness?  i'm type 2 diabetic and my parts are wearing out.  i've bee wearing 24/7 for thirty plus years so i am one hundred percent in on this deal, email me the accetance form and you will have it today.
it's a shoebox, or at least once was, and whenever i masturbate i cum into it. i've had it for two or three years now i think, so it has a fair amount of cum. it smells atrocious, and i tried to burn it once. when i lit it on fire, it was too damp due to the cum that it simply sizzled and didn't manage to actually lite up. turns out burning cum smells awful, so
it's a video game in a industry where the best writing from obsidian or bioware is on par with harry potter. the convoluted mess that are kojima games have zero literary basis and final fantasy games are merely a collection of phonetic sounds that approximate human speech. you can complain about the presentation but fallout 3 actually contains themes and structure that can be analyzed and compared to real literature.
it's a woman's world.
it's about freedom. i prefer not to live in reality. my inner life is so vivid that it would be a waste of time. i worked in an office once, but i had to leave. others have normal lives, and good luck to them, but i needed something different. being furry is a reflection of that.
it's also likely that it wasn't just one guy/girl/gender-fluent person.
it's amazing in that the nsa is working towards such reasonable goals as transparency and protection at the same time.
it's as easy as walking in to hr, and if you're found out you won't be punished! even if your story is found to be false people will jump to your defense and say 'something must have happened!'.
it's because of sissy asshats like you that i let the water run for a couple of seconds after peeing (not actually washing my hands)
it's been seven years, and y'know what? i still get a thrill when i look at myself in the mirror and see girl, not boy.
it's chess meets hamlet. okay, maybe not hamlet. but it's a start.
it's fun to have a meal consisting of a dozen almonds, a tetrapak of hummus, some strangely marinated olives in a foil pouch, and a couple slabs of single-serving cheddar cheese on rosemary crackers.
it's funny, i promise. if it didn't make you laugh, you can go and watch borat instead...sob...huh?what? hahaha!
it's funny, because places like this and ed before that exist exactly to do that - police people. i have very little power to control what people say, but places like here, much of gg, ed etc. assign negative consequences for standing out. the 'free speech' argument is a nonsense here - how many people do you have here who regularly disagree with how you approach me, for example?
it's interesting how whenever i hear the word 'transsexual' in english i wince and cringe. however in my native language, 'transsexuell' is the only term for it (we don't have 'transgender', it doesn't translate well), and i don't react to it. a little example of how linguistic differences may come off as offensive
it's just common knowledge that nearly all men want to penetrate you-women, us-women, in the ass. but now, many men, greedy fucks that they are, also want to experience anal pleasure on their own terms
it's my birthday today, and i'm 33! that means only one thing...bring it guys!!! *every character from every game, comic, tv show, movie, and book reality come in with everything for a huge party*
it's no wonder that because of my outspoken advocacy of traditional morality in general and of virginity in particular, i've become a favorite target of internet leftists, who often refer to me as 'the virgin ben.'
it's not a matter of opinion, some people just seem to have too much power in these circles and it causes problems.
it's probably like if your first crush was your chubby babysitter and ever since then you have a thing for heftier women/men/nonbinary lifeforms.
it's quite telling that the only pleasant memories i have from before age four are of being diapered. might i have become fixated on them precisely because they represented the few pleasant times i had as a toddler?
it's really quite simple: most detractors of the jrpg genre are only so because they hate anime. why do they hate anime? maybe because they've only seen really bad shows, maybe there's something wrong with their brain chemistry and cannot understand why someone can get turned-on by 2d images (be it paintings, photos, etc.), maybe they're racist/nationalist (go watch 'mosquito coast' for a great example of nationalism + stupidity = japan haters).
it's sad that the most reasonable voice in the tranny community is a porn star, bailey jay.
it's the humiliation i like. i reckon most people are into it, if they're honest. shitting themselves. me and my wife used to wear nappies together. she liked it, too, 'til we split up.
it's time for churces to innovate. it's time to pray different. the solution: to build mcdonald's in churches. mcdonalds restaurants serve 70 million people each day. they also bring communities together.
it's time to climb aboard! sing-a-long with lin-manuel miranda and join kate mckinnon as the new ms. frizzle. the magic school bus rides again is now streaming.
it's very difficult because children under sixteen are immensely attractive, any father will tell you.
it's very hard to change the cultural mentality because it's benn deeply ingrained for centuries in some aspects, so we aren't going to turn into a south korea any decade soon.
its 'adam and eve......not adam and steve!......you know-in the old days when men married a woman and had natural sex(vagina and penis) and not the penis and exhaust box,anus,shithole,arsehloe,'cheese n tomata' etc.
its a shame too bc planet fitness was the only gym chain that didnt fat shame.
its hard to control thing like your bladder when your paws hurts. so that leads to some wet pants and bed. the nurse try to calm me down whit a pacifier before she going to diaper me. thats going to help me to keep my pants and bed dry.
its just so revolting, you'd think hitler was right! these autistic tarts want attention and feel persecuted!? well if i had my way, this is what would happen to them.
its racist to say gaddafi and assad are murders and torturers, just more racist lies cooked up in the klan halls of amnesty and hrw
its the muggy season, and theres only one cure for what ales you- a frosty babla modew restin deep on your man stuff. ohhh its chilly baby, but its good! its all good!
its $5 for a digital copy that will last forever and ever. the zine is 80 (8x11) pages and provides a variety of information, from sex education, to biological diagrams, to descriptions of hot sex. theres a even a guide to muffing, a unique sexual practice you wont find written about (let alone documented and guided through step by step) anywhere else.
its 2014 and people love memes, so the church needs to be able to meme for christ.
its about not being scared to be a bitch, i own my b.i.t.c.h status- a woman being in total control of herself *myself. i dont care about being called a bitch, because it shows that im ambitious and driven, that i know what i want in life and i go after it. if this makes me bossy or bitchy, then if the shoe fits
its all just normal teenage experimentation, and i turned out okay. well actually i cant hold down a decent relationship for longer than a year and i have avoidant attachment problems, but i dont have any particularly weird sexual fetishes. apart from getting turned on by girls with dirty feet, but theres nothing wrong with that.
its always kind of depressing to be reminded that apparently there are at least a few transgender people who have been convinced to buy into terf bullshitim guessing truscum views are usually the gateway into that?
its amazing that a woman of your culture has managed to really make a difference, maybe one day youll have your parents accept the fact that youre entitled to make your own happiness,
its an androgenic tendon & skeleton thing, but thanks op, for making trans women feel like theyre less female for sitting the way theyre built. thats not fucky at all.
its disgusting how misogynists appropriate feminism like that and in other ways
ive been on a 65-75% soylent 2.0 diet for almost a month now and i haven't been feeling as well as i hoped; i am never full or feel satisfied, i have a ton of headaches, especially in the morning (i only have soylent for breakfast), anytime i eat regular food, it seems to just go through my body really quickly. and the worse, i've seen twice now, some blood in my stool. im guessing i should quit soylent? is it just not for me? anyone experienc
id give up on finding clothes that fit properly so when i leave the house a lot of my fat would hang out of my clothes on display for all to see. (i also have a fantasy of being that fat and trying to lose weight and struggling so much i end up giving up and getting fatter.)
id say that im more a brony sympathizer. i understand where theyre coming from, ideologically speaking. i like cute stuff. and friendship. its hard for me to make friends, and my little pony friendship is magic creates this unrelentingly positive world where friendship isnt just magic, its the law of the land. and the ponies. cant forget about the ponies.
ill admit that raritys been a problematic character from my perspective as an mra, but at the very least i can agree that it was a good lesson that she rejected a potential high status suitor merely because he was a douchebag.
ill blush and purr and turn around to kiss his scruffy cheek, and then pounce onto the bed playfully sticking my soggy bottom out and smiling back at him. its the mating dance of the diapergirl, showing off my crinkles, mewing, sucking my thumb and being as cute as possibl
im 19 years old and i live in the sticks somewhere in america. im unsure of my gender or sexuality and am otherkin(its a coping mechanism).
im commander shepard and #blackout is my favorite keyword on the extranet
im a domestic dog otherkin whose online name is allcatsunite that owns 5 rats
im a misandrist. im a feminazi. im a communist. i have an oedipus complex. i must be really, really, really fucking evil!  yeah, fear chairwoman harel! you dont want this monster knocking on your door!
im a misandrist. im a feminazi. im a communist. i have an oedipus complex. i must be really, really, really fucking evil!  yeah, fear kevin! you dont want this monster knocking on your door!
im an 8 month old adult baby who loves wearing thick disposable diapers, wearing all baby clothing and using all baby items.  i am looking for a mommy or babysitter to show me all the love and care that a real baby gets.
im attracted to bones, scars, hands, legs, feet, and pretty eyes. doesnt matter what your biological parts are or what gender you identify as; if i find you attractive i find you attractive. no questions asked.
im considering adding some heavy cream drinking to my diet, but its tricky. since im still doing this gaining secretly from my spouse, its kind of hard to stock up on enough heavy cream for it to be viable. i do have a mini fridge in my game room, but i worry about getting busted for having heavy cream out there. going to the store to buy some every day is completely impractical, so im not sure what im going
im curious as to what a spittake is!
im desperate to get away from southern california so i can move to berlin.
im fucking starving. someone should hook me up to a funnel and feed me already.
im hugely into alternative medicine, so anybody who is going through any physical thing will call me and be like, i dont want to take antibiotics, what else do i do? so i would say that im very well versed in natural medicine, oddlyalternative, more eastern approaches to that stuff. ive been doing yoga also since i was 13 years old so ive got a background in that sort of holistic, alternative lifestyle.
im jiggly and droopy and fat as hell. my belly is really starting to hang low. please, help me feed this fat gut so it hangs even lower.
im no economist, but if i knew that i would be working for 90 percent of the year for free why the fuck would i bother working and/or starting a business to create more jobs? doesnt sound worth it to me and i think its safe to assume most others would agree. do not support or vote for bernie sanders.
im nonbinary. and dfab. and though ive obviously recognized and understood misogyny, i have never been oppressed for being a girl. because im not a girl. ive never had a gender in my life, and i still wouldnt have a gender if i was dmab, or if misogyny never existed. bye.
im not able to be a good muslim wife. in fact, im not able to be in a conventional marriage at all. im asexual, aromantic, and sex-averse. &&newline<kevin> p.s. yes, thats an ace pride hijab im wearing in the photo that accompanies the post.
im not even just saying this as an insult but terfs are more closely resembling of a cult than any other group on tumblr ive seen
im not saying im some smart genius, but jeez, that guy was so dumber than me and he had a girlfriend who he could kiss, cuddle with and fuck while i was still terrified of girls.
im opposed to both radical feminism and liberal feminism, and instead stand for a dialectical, proletarian, feminism.  im a sex negative, porn negative, kink shaming, prude. the radical  feminist incarnations of these positions have often resulted in nothing  but harm to sex workers through a misunderstanding of the class aspect  of sex work. this is something i wholeheartedly oppose.
im so frustrated cause like im so tall and im already really heavy and huge but i dont look nearly as fat as i am like short people are so lucky but im 64 and like 280 pounds already and its not even a big deal ugh can i just be somebodys cute fat prince i wanna be adored
im starting to think dragons have it right. hang out in a cave with all your favorite stuff and if anybody tries to bug you, you just blow fire at them and go back to sleep.
im still working with it, but my rough summary so far is that it focuses on the body as having no intrinsic meaning and therefore sex/gender only exist as performance, and furthermore, that performance is demanded by western norms of gender.
im talking about macrophilia, vore, giantess, whatever you want to call it, which is close enough to trans girls that it gets lip service in nevada as the thing thats weirder than transformation porn.i say there was a lot of overlap because there were plenty of futas, or stories that had both transformation and shrinking, tons of girlfriends revenge plots and the like.
im the kinda piggy that will make a glutton out of myself in public , eating until my belly starts to show a little at the bottom of my shirt , burping loudly and occasionally rubbing my belly .
im the liberal in this debate
im the tormented impotent husband of a sexually needy wife. ive tried every pill there is, but i havent orgasmed in three years.
im very mad at the moment because people are still continuing to deny deaf culture and keep saying that deaf culture is not necessary because there are more serious situation like otherkin erasure. like are you fucking kidding me. are we really worth that much to society. the abuses we endured are worth less than what otherkin are dealing with. just go fuck yourself.
ive become such a horny pile of fat for you and im at your mercy. please fuck me because i cant reach! i need you to help lift my belly so you can slide your muscular body under me and eat me. i just cant stop moaning, trying to reach my pussy , squirming around and using my immobile rolls to entice and help get myself off. can you see my bare breasts that are dwarfed my my big gut? i reach to find my belly button
ive gained 25 lbs. over the past seven weeks, going from 290 lbs. to 315 lbs since january 1st, 2015.
ive never imagined that two chinese men meeting could make my ovaries explode, like literally ~
ive recently started to question my gender. im trying out using one letter (like an initial) as my name and as my pronoun, instead of him and 'he.
ive spent four- or five-hour evenings with a mare because she wanted more. it was multiple climaxes. usually it takes a half-hour, an hour at most just to make sure. and, honestly, like most men i can deal with myself in five minutes.
jar jar is the key to all of this
jill stein, leave essentialist ideas of motherhood out of the election
jackie's trans-girl only safezone to safe her paranoia :) if yr here yr a special girl
january 21: lenin dies, his death having been arranged by the brujah. trotsky is supposed to replace lenin, but stalin; who is backed by the toreador and ventrue, takes power instead. .[4]
japan rule #11: if it hurts,and you have to ask yourself, should i tape it? you better tape it! or else its guaranteed to get busted first thing.
jason was not the type of guy to have limits placed upon him. he took my acceptance as an open door and started demanding i take part in the diaper wearing. i always refused. he would ask me to come over, and when i arrived he would be wearing a diaper. i started to feel really awkward.
jayed, you silly crunch, what a crap lousy i.b.i. agent you were. it ain't smart, jayed, to come in here worrying your betters. and what did you get for it?&&newline<kevin> a coffin and a grave burying you under the phony name of snit.
jesus christ was not a real person, but rather a mythological hybrid conjured up more than 100 years after his supposed death by individuals who needed a figurehead to promote their new religion.
jesus experiences no sexual attraction to men or women in the bible whatsoever
jesus is a dude. he likes dude things, like bacon, and sawdust, and climbing mountains, and building things. he's also very sensitive and recognizes women are the better species, so don't get all up in his grill ladies (we all know how you can be....heyoooooo!).
jewish lesbian demi demongirl. faerie dildo artist for @qt_toys
jfc you are embarrassing please stop attention-whoring already. i wouldn't be surprised if your supposed 'psychosis diagnosis' was something you made up for notes
jinn have fascinated people for thousands of years, both in the east and west. these are an objectively real, semi-physical race, with powerful magical attributes.
john galt insurance agency
join us for a very special hands on class where we learn to make omelets... in the microwave! &&newline<kevin> cost is $35 per person and seating is limited. &&newline<kevin> participants will receive their own lekue omelet maker, recipes, a yummy omelet to eat, and 20% off in the store the day of their class.
joss whedon: the one true b!x. the man. the myth. the curiously strong swimmer. created buffy, angel, and firefly, plus a ton of comics. the lord and master of all true tv geeks.
joy, our twerking young ones know. trigonometry, not so much.
judaism and jewishness are inherently anti-white and anti-white supremacy. fully embracing jewish identity means fighting against white western christian power, both for our own and others sake.
july 17, 1918: silver fang kinfolk princess anastasia escapes execution by the bolsheviks when silver fangs escort her out of russia via moon-bridge.
just a random thought: i prefer to say 'bode' over 'bored'; sounds similar, and i like word play. so yeah, i'm bode & lonely right now.
just a side note george michael was homoromantic bisexual
just about everyone that has a girlfriend here has a girlfriend that looks like that. lowtax has a cute wife but that is because he is good looking and isn't a troll.
just accidentally put my hand in salt. there was a small amount of salt on the table and i put my hand on it without realising and now my hand is burned. #demonkinproblems ~ addison
just an asexual genderqueer piece of fandom trash. you may refer to me as 'captain'.
just another piece of clothing i wear. on the other hand i can say that as long as i am not jogging a bra is a great place to clip my little kel tec 32 caliber and wear almost anything without anyone knowing i am carrying a gun. well i take that back there has bee a few times people have given me a hug and then asked what was between my boobs. i told them my phone.
just as sex workers are shamed by society, so are the clients who see them. it's time to tell my side of the story.
just because, i need the escape of being the opposite gender -- its more than cosplay to me as this point - pretty much since high school -- i have desired to know what would look like/feel like as a female.
just because, i need the escape of being the opposite gender -- its more than cosplay to me as this point&&newline<kevin> pretty much since high school -- i have desired to know what would look like/feel like as a female.'
just imagine, the first papal conclave held entirely over irc with all the voting done over the blockchain.
just joined nottingham hackspace- lots of plans!
just like with detroit. it used to be one of the most beautiful, modern, and prosperous cities in the country and now it's a crumbling cesspool.&&newline<kevin> i hate extremists like this, be they white, black, brown or yellow supremicists, this kind of extremism is toxic. we should be working together to bridge our cultural gaps, not make them bigger. we're not going to make it if we don't work together.
just look around the parking lot at any office building, and note what sort of vehicles people drive.  the well-paid male engineers are largely driving vehicles that are 10-20 years old, and wholly owned.  the poorly-paid girls in the human resources department are all driving brand-new leased vehicles.
just plain ordinary t-shirts will do here. don't buy anything with buttons, collars, pockets or anything extra. there is no need for expensive shirts or whatever the current fad is. just like with pants, your diaper boy isn't putting on a fashion show for his shirt, either, just his diapers.
just so you know, i am definitely not a sissy. i like wearings girls clothes even tho i am a boy. i sometimes post pictures of boys who look like girls. i like girls not boys and i have been trying real hard to block'sissies' from following my blog. if you have looked at my blog you know it is all about clothes and girls.
just to clarify that i fully support bringing woman and other races etc. being added in star wars. i just hope that in the future we don't have a book that has a romance with certain physical actions that i find wrong (i have the same feelings toward premarital heterosexual relations).
just to finish, i now realise that what i often suffer from is 'learned helplessness'' - a psychological theory developed by martin seligman. it's worth looking into it if you haven't already. hope you get to read this and it helps abit.
just wanna get this on the record: the way i am trans is more legitimate & better than all other ways of being trans. thank u for your time
just want to be able to be a girl...wear girl clothes, panties diapers etc without having anything in front. just want to be a girl ....
just wanted to find someone who is a strong christian who also lives with being an (ak). i'ma pretty strong christian and would just find it beneficial to talk to someone else who has both of these things in common with me.
just watched katy perry's 'the one that got away' music video; it touched me; made me think of the life that got away from me in 2000...
just watching the huggies pull ups commercials where they throw away the diapers i say no don't throw away the diapers throw away the pull ups no big kid
just wear your diapers and play around with them how ever you want. you don't 'need' to do anything except maybe take it slow at first.
just wondering why you're so stupid? and such a cunt, invalidating others genders and identities? what's actually wrong with you though?
just your typical geeky trans lesbian poly mom from edmonton, posting about whatever i feel like. check the about page if you want details.
justice is a dumb construct. the reason i support killing russians is each orphan, widow and mother will be another crack in the putin regime. it doesn't matter how they are killed. tortured, beheaded, whatever. they just need to die. another step towards eliminating the greatest threat to the age of peace.
kfc's infamous meat-for-buns double down is back in new zealand with two new 'world first flavors' that feature pineapple, hash browns, and ham.
karli is gender fluent, so karson is like her male self. i just though it was cool, so i made skylar for conventions. he's my male self
katawa shoujo didn't try to fetishize its characters based on their disabilities. in fact it was talking about how people with them are human just like everyone else and don't need pity. while the game does have some graphic sex scenes, none of them were based around someone's disability.
katawa-shoujo, a great dating sim
keep me tied up and fatten me for a month
keith, terry, i've learned to respect texas pete, that's as hot as i need it to go.
kevin became drunk at a siegfried & roy magic show in las vegas and began shouting 'codpiece! codpiece!' at the performers. eventually he was calmed by his mother.
kevin is a southern california entrepreneur and part-time 'alpha cuck' in his mid-forties. he was kind enough to explain to us what an 'alpha cuck' is exactly, and he said he wasn't thrilled about his sexual identity being used to slander liberals.
kevin is a sex worker, herbalist, artist and community activist currently residing in vermont. they are committed to providing herbalism and herbal education from a perspective that is against racism, transphobia, queerphobia, sexism, classism and colonization. lroy, along with other healers from across the country, helps run a bi-annual free clinic at black mesa that provides bodywork and herbs to ?dinÈ elders.
kevin is a voluntary lak, rak, and rbe amputee* and is now also stubbing the fingers on his right hand. he used ice to do the initial diy anesthesia and then cleanly chopped it off. there was almost no bleeding, but definitely lots of pain.
kevin is built on social justice, sassy latinx misandry and white genocide. remember that, forever and ever :3
kevin is one of the best comedians performing today. his comedy, big enough  for everyone, sharp enough for you, keeps audiences coming back time†...
kevin is passionate about kindness, coffee, mental health, fat activism, and the diy lifestyle. he is the owner of sweet candy distro & press, writes the personal zine, marked for life & the body positive zine, fat-tastic!
kevin talks about where his self-hate may come from as well as his adhd, emotionally sterile and achievement-focused childhood, body dysmorphia, cross-dressing, kink as a submissive male, and how he finally summoned the courage and self-love to end an abusive friendship.
kevin who was honored by the trans 100 has a history of making racist statements.
kevin writes a mix of scifi, fantasy, erotica, and autobiography called cuil fiction
kevin, 27, he/him/his, none gender with left boy, gray-ace, white as hell, 'canon jesus not fanon jesus' christian, autistic, fat, and poor.
kids nowadays are so lucky they have the internet to watch porn. closest thing i had to porn when i was 13 was the girls gone wild infomercials that came on at 1am.
kill yourself ;p no one would miss you anyway ;)
kill yourself lmao ugly ass terf. no wonder you're gay.
killer mike, i came here because of your speech for bernie sanders. i didn't know your music so far. i am proud of who you are and what you do. and god knows i love your rhymes too.?
killer mike, i'm so glad bernie introduced me to you. love your reagan song and vid. so when are you going to write a malcom, king and bernie song??
kimmi may look shy, but shes always ready and willing to satisfy your every need! eager to learn about sex, shes a japanese animÈ girl come to life! shes about 5' tall with a removable, realistic, life-like 4 deep ur3 vagina to take you and drain you dry. durable inflatable design. rescue her, teach her, be her animÈ hero and lover!
kind of like that movie, 'erin brokovich', i would be like eric brokovich played by julia roberts
kinda wish i was pan-sexual sometimes like i feel like i'm somehow closed minded for only being attracted to one gender but hay you can't help your attractions.
king kevin the first&&newline<kevin> of house lanistus
kitchens are expensive and dirty. this home manufacturing center has been by far the most liberating to eliminate. they are the greediest consumers of power, water, and labor and produce the most noise and garbage of any room. moreover, they can be made totally unnecessary with a few practical life hacks.
knew a guy who liked to make males lactate. i'm not quite sure how rare that is as a thing though. it is, apparently, possible.
knowledge is power. thats what my college roommate kept repeating to me all those years ago.
koliva is a traditional memorial dish in the orthodox church. if you need this recipe, our hearts go out to you. we are sorry for your loss. it's wonderful when food and love mix like this. high fiber, lactose free, soy free, vegan.
kookery? that's an insult. if you want to argue the facts, fine. otherwise your post is an ad hominem attack, and repudiation without refutation is no answer. it seems there might be a good reason why you chose a user name synonymous with 'toxin.' by the way, you might want to proof your posts a little better for punctuation if you expect to be taken seriously, by me anyway.
kord my pronouns are they or spivak. i'm a queer trans nonbinary agender  demigirl xican@. i curse a lot, have kids whom i homeschool and i  consume large quantities of caffeine. i listen to ebm, grindcore and  aggrotech to quiet the noise in my head. i love unicorn and werewolves,  comic books and horror movies. people like me because i force them to,  with adorable fierceness.
korean beef and rice {or quinoa}: simple 20-minute meal
kraft and conagra gave me velveeta and ro*tel products for this sponsored post.
kuririn: only human chapter 1: my early life, a dragon ball z fanfic | fanfiction
kurt is still a trans woman. just because someone isn't on hrt or was diagnosed by a gatekeeping doctor doesn't mean they aren't really trans.
l. ron hubbard really planted the seeds of democracy in south africa.
l. ron hubbard found that the single source of aberration, of psychosomatic illnesses, stress, fears, worry, things like that, have to do with the reactive mind, and in that part of the mind is different words and commands that can come back to affect you later in your life.
learning to take care of myself&&newline<kevin> this post is sponsored by blue diamond almond breeze. all content and opinions are my own. read more about my sponsored post disclosure policy in the bthr bylaws.
literally jump into the nearest intersection hunty
labeling a product 'organic' when it originates from china means nothing. their standards are questionable at best. i'll never buy this product again. very dissappointed.
laika might have been a good dog, but she died frying like the last stray in north korea. soz to piss on your cornflakes comrade.
lakeshore boulevard that's how i'm street
last night i had a night mare that my mom found my weed in my car it felt so real i woke up looking for my weed!!vthen i realized i don't ever do weed lol
last night i masturbated to the thought.
last nights dinner: vegan pizza. topped with buffalo cauliflower and tofu bleu cheese. crust is handmade at the gas station up the street (fuck yeah!).
last week i brushed by a homeless manwithout any acknowledgement. he followed me for half a block ranting about manners. i pulled out my pocket knife and hoped he'd get aggressive, but alas, he maintained his distance and may not have even noticed it pointing straight down at the street next to me. scared the shit out of the couple pushing a baby carriage toward me from the other end of the street, though.
last week, the iowa corn growers association invited a group of bloggers and me to visit iowa and learn more about the corn industry and the farmers behind it, who work tirelessly to grow food for our tables.
last year i was riding my bike and a man ran at me and threw me off my bike and slammed my head into a concrete pole.&&newline<kevin> he called me a bunch of slurs. this was in the middle of the day. i have been hit twice in public by men since i came out as trans. i am visibly trans and that can draw a lot of negative attention.
late bloomer here who segued into having a lot of partners and i only have one experience that i regret. that was when i was on a mission to have a one-night stand, got really drunk and didn't notice the nazi tattoos on the dude i banged until i sobered up the next morning.
lately i have realised that i've started to dislike pretty girls. i think it's unfair that they have easy lives which they get just by fluttering their eyelashes. it got worse yesterday when i saw a pretty girl fall over on the street. her heels snapped and she fell over and i saw up her skirt. her panties were white with yellow polka dots. she looked embarrassed when she got up and
lately whenever i help a hot girl (like the receptionist at work who always needs me to help her with her computer) i feel sexy but i also dislike myself for doing it because shetakes it for granted that anybody will help her. if we hired an uggo receptionist maybe i would be the only one helping her?
lately, i think i've seen a rise in racism, then i remember oh, right...i've been hanging out at mpc.
latin american cultures are very different from anything you could call white culture. if they were included the term would have no meaning.
lavender or emunah. she/her. ashkenazi jew. trans dyke. 18 y/o. depressed and crazy. abuse survivor. i'm able-bodied, not intersex, thin.
learn why this dairy free girl supports raw milk and the farmers who produce it. lets keep our right to raw milk in the us alive!
learning hebrew (not from hebrew 4 christians):
leather, lace and lavender: herbal first aid for sex workers
leftover room temperature quinoa patties (just take a wedge of lemon to squeeze on top)
leggings are great. i mostly wear leggings over my diapers like very young girls.
legit that drives my asexual fiancee and i batty. we're both asexual and some of the dense questions we have gotten from other 'asexuals' is boggling. i could start a whole shit show with the discussions i've tried to have with these 'asexuals' on tumblr about how an actual in real life asexual relationship works.
lemme see a terf irl and beat her ass pls
lenin and his party insisted that they were journalists heading home. a british spy, who had been posted to the crossing as a passport-control officer, tried gamely to delay them. but the authorities in petrograd (soon to be leningrad and now once again st petersburg) believed that a democratic country should not ban its own citizens from entry. for that mistake, millions died.
lest we forget the damage done to the moral fabric of our nation by satan's minstrels, here are the lyrics to 'imagine' by john lennon. a song still prominently played at most major venues and poignant to all but those who actually understand its horrifying 'fundamentally transformed' implications...
let me ask you something, sir: do you know what tumblr is? do you know who pewdiepie is, or the game grumps? when was the last time you actually held an ama? when was the last time you read homestuck or listened to welcome to nightvale? answer?
let them understand that many bad things that happened to them in their life, happened to them not because they were cis women, but because they were mistaken for trans women. (this turns the terf rhetoric on cisfeminine dysphoria its head. as always, they keep a grain of truth in their cissupremacist lies. makes it easier for the subject to internalize them. it also makes it easier for us to use the same mechanisms for re-education.)
let's keep promoting organizations like unions with a long history of violence, racism, sexism, xenophobia against immigrants, protectionism, intimidation/threats, barring competitors from entering the marketplace, etc. i will never be a union supporter because a lot of union supporter look the other way when unions commit violent acts or use threats against their opponents.
lets not forget the transmisogynistic genocide of course when youre idolizing someone (cox) who describes mullerian genitalia as female, youve already made it clear which kinds of trans women are cisfeminist-approved.
lets not pretend all this heteromantic asexuals arent really queer talk is anything other than gay entitlement to lgbt spaces. its the same bullshit they pull on bisexuals just repackaged.
leukemia is evidently psychosomatic in origin and at least eight cases of leukemia have been treated successfully by dianetics after medicine had traditionally given up. the source of leukemia has been reported to be an engram containing the phrase 'it turns my blood to water.'
leukemia is evidently psychosomatic in origin and at least eight cases of leukemia have been treated successfully by mars hill after medicine had traditionally given up. the source of leukemia has been reported to be an engram containing the phrase 'it turns my blood to water.'
liberal claptrap is expensive: 'the average college student at a public school spends about $1,200 a year on textbooks,' a cost that has increased by 82% over the last decade alone. the bible is free online, and more beneficial.
libido still low, but i'm functional. for anyone who doesn't know, i write transgender erotica so the low libido is making things difficult but reviews on my new releases are still good so can't be all that bad. ^_^
libtards are never forced to deal with issues such as high crime etc., so they sit behind their walled or otherwise segregated communities and tell those who have to deal with societies' low life on a daily basis how to act.
libya was an easier case. but other than the laudable purpose of saving libyan civilians from  likely attacks by qaddafi's regime, the libyan operation had no long-lasting consequences for the region. syria is harder.
life after death star mashes together the notorious b.i.g., star wars to stunning effect.
life is strange - like majora's mask w/ sexy teens
like i dont care how you feel about the issue, telling a baby trans girl like i was last year we are all you will ever have is an abuse tactic meant to keep me away from the rest of the community so that i really would only have abusive baeddels in my life, and its not ok to pull that kind of shit.
like i know you admit to being a sensationalist asshole. i just wish everyone else would do. you don't care about the truth about people or protecting others from their 'sperging'. in reality you're more likely to be the ones making victims.
like nick carraway, scalia 'wanted the world to be in uniform and at a sort of moral attention forever.' but justice scalia's views -- passionately felt and pungently expressed though they were -- now seem like so many boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.,
like any good dictator mao would do his best to keep his army well-fed and happy.
like male fucking ego is so fucking fragile why dont they just give it up and stop being men if theyre so damn worried about treading outside of maleness jfc
like most people here, i view food primarily as a source of nutrients to make my body function optimally and not as a source of fun. if there was a flavorless option to give my body the perfect amount of everything it needs, i would take it. after all, a good diet improves all aspects of the human experience, so the joy i would get from consuming something unhealthy would instead be multiplied and stretched out over my entire life, anyways!
like most people, i don't have the budget or the space for 16 tons of freeze-dried food. i'm not even sure that hoards of 'zombies' are going to be scratching at my door, wanting my canned goods.
like most people; our souls leave our bodies, we end up in heaven or hell depending on our deeds/misdeeds, and possibly reincarnation.
like, 90% of infomercial style products were designed by/for disabled people, but you wouldnt know that, because there is no viable market for them. they have to be marketted and sold to abled people just so that any money can be made of off them and so the people who actually need them will have access.
like, i don't care if a fat person is unhealthy. i'm 'unhealthy'. stigmatizing my body still won't do shit to help anyone.
lisa cheng at running press kids has bought debut author ilana manaster's doreen, a contemporary ya take on the picture of dorian gray. the social hierarchy of new england boarding school chandler academy is thrown into upheaval after roommates heidi and biz take in new arrival doreen gray and photoshop her profile pic.
lisa marie presley was a sham marriage to deflect from the zoophilia, & the child victims were paid off to keep quiet about catching mj with the llama when he thought thet were asleep.
listen up, white man: j.j. abrams hates you.  he relishes the thought of your extinction as he looks forward to a multi-culti matriarchy
listen, everyone, i am aware that i, personally, am appreciated like a person celebrity. that is great and all. but, i do feel that sonichu should get as much respect as y'all give me. aside from the autism i wish i did not have, i still have poured a lot of the kind of person i was and am into his character (transgender not included either).
listen, horny woman, please let's just concentrate on scheduling our social meeting for the next time you're in my area.
listen, racism might be incredibly dumb but the guy has a right to be dumb. i will never support or condone his beliefs but he has a right to them and the right to lawfully pursue his hopes and dreams (as twisted as they may be). if the guy wants to create a community for like minded people so be it. at least they will be in one place away from the rest of us.
littles may have fragile hearts, but they are not weak. they are in fact stronger than the rest of usstrong enough not to allow this world to destroy their innocence.
living my life in a slow hell, every day as an incel.?
lizardman, from soul calibur, is a girl and i am gay
lmao most of the people who started fight the new drug aren't even mormon. the organization is based in utah, but it's not endorsed by the lds church at all. the founders are actually super socially-liberal haha. they might be misguided but like where tf are you getting your information??? lol don't blame the mormon church just to be ~angsty and ~controversial haha actually criticize the organization's content itself
local enby decorates zir crutches and ends up with a poison ivy aesthetic&&newline<kevin> ze/zir pronouns
lol gangs and drug dealers murdering black men (whose dick i happen to love) are the problem & blm is silent on it
lol, this is proof that sjw has infected lljk. we should have an sjw round where female security goes around checking everyone's male privilege and forces the men to take estrogen injections.
long grain parboiled brown rice, grano (pearled durum wheat), colusari red rice, sprouted brown rice, wild rice
long periods of time without sex is wonderful and not a dreaded 'dry spell'.&&newline<kevin> don't have to have sex with strangers to relieve myself.&&newline<kevin> don't have to have sex with friends and ruin a good friendship.
long term doctor who fan and alt right conservative. made this account to post memes and highlight conservative and classic liberal themes in doctor who.
look at me. i hate on america because it's the hip internet thing to do
look kid i work in maritime search and rescue. sometimes when we go rescue people and their death is sometimes a forgone conclusion. so there has been a couple of occasions where i have to talk to my supervisor (or friend) about my emotions, or how i feel about it, or about the nightmares i have, or the fact that my drinking will not bring back to life that massachusetts fisherman so he can be with his family for christmas 2013.
look, i don't know if you've ever been poor, but it's really easy to find $260/month somewhere.  if a poor person thinks they can't afford a brand-new car then they're an idiot. every poor person could have a brand-new car if they wanted to. if you're a poor family then you could have more than one brand-new car.
look, i don't want any trouble. who am i to say, i'm a fucking space dragon who spends most of his free time masturbating on inflatable toys and collecting dragon dildos. sometimes i cook food, sometimes i become politically hyperactive and accidentally the whole city board of members.
look, i wanted to give them a shot. i really fucking did. i've never been so fucking wrong in my entire life. fuck these violent animals. sjws are terrorists. they are so devout to their new social justice cult that they can justify anything. some conservatives fear having their property destroyed, their careers ruined, their families blacklisted, and of course they have to face acts of violence.
look, i'm gay. that means i only date men. it's just some of the men i date have vaginas.
look, im not a christian. im a practicing laveyan satanist. but this guy here
look, a lot of the protesters are very good folk who are mourning the loss of a young man, but a few of them are just acting like a bunch of rowdy porch monkeys.
look, it really helps to think of the whole eastern block as one big prison camp. if you lived there, you had the same (lack of) rights as prisoners, and the state had the same rights as the guards/warden with regards to you, i.e. pretty complete. if you watch a prison drama, it's sooooo similar i can't tell you how similar it is.
looking at all everyones painfully cute bellies on tumblr makes me soooo hungry and makes me wanna completly overstuff and then bloat myself! if i dont have to work today, im gonna eat a lot of food today.
looking for a recipe for a spicy sriracha bread. anyone have one that they have tried out and vetted?
loud with a slur that's how i speak
love your shows. can i get all you spices in utah?
loved this video! we're in the same boat with car decision. i have 3 kids and a minivan. i was pretty set on getting another minivan next year, but i'm slowly falling in love with getting an suv (i want a toyota highlander :)) it's just those darn doors i worry about. will the kids be banging into other vehicles??
loving the game, but biggest disappointment so far is all the women in the game have the same color panties and bras. i have a shack full of dead settler women and they all have the same white panties and bras on.
luckily, you're wrong. being trans is not a matter of suffering from body dysmorphia. don't project your own self-hatred onto the author.
lundburg rice is awesome because it's gluten free. yes, rice in general is gluten free, but cross contamination is often a concern with grains, so i like to play it safe and get something that's certified gluten free.
may anyone who reblogs this be elevated to the equivalent of sainthood in their religion bless all of you oh my god.
memes include beliefs, thoughts, ideas, theories, gestures, practices,  fashions, habits, songs, and dances. memes, including personal and  social transformation, propagate themselves and can permeate the  cultural landscape like a virus. historically, there have been wave upon  waves of spiritualism, each based on cultish memes. the new age fad of  the 80s and 90s has bbecome part of the cultural landscape.
mission earth by l. ron hubbard is my favorite novel.
my brother heard they discontinued this product on friday or that he could no longer buy it and i could not stop him from crying he lost his better friend. please help its not smirnoff or whatever that is
my duck hungers for tom-tom to pound!!!!!
my jockstrap finally came yas
macklemore shows a gut-wrenching account of what can happen when doctors irresponsibly dole out prescriptions for opioid-based meds.
magic is neither good nor evil. it is a tool, like a knife. is a knife evil? only if the wielder is evil.
magigirl; probably 80% girl and 20% agender, but some days agender can be my dominate gender, but its rare
make her pussy wet not her eyes.
make sure that it is a very short shirt so that it leaves as much of his diapers exposed as possible. you may even want to consider getting him some cheap shirts that you can trim up so that they just meet his diapers at the shirttail.
make sure these guys are not too gay.
make work easier! many policies specifically state that, upon accusation the accused is to be removed from any and all contact with the accuser. (got a co-worker or boss you don't like? get rid of them!)
making fun of mras by calling them autistic,insane, or suggesting they have small penises.
making fun of the penis size of men is really cissexist and intersexist among other things.
malcolm gladwell on the surprising upsides of being a loser
male disposability shouldn't be some redpiller only truth, guys. it's kinda sad that everyone other than them seem to treat it like it doesn't exist.
mamiism-erenism-mioism
man i know from mma training likes to larp, which we tease him about, but he's hard as fuck, and tends to approach larp fights like an actual mma match - i.e. he frequently gets told to leave because he's battering people.
man i'm a proud brony.
man ill fuck you up with red lipstick on while wearing a sun dress and drinking a wine cooler, dont think i wont.
man buns are completely a new concept because sardars and samurais never existed!
man i looked up the nutrition data for beans: they are crazy good for you! holy shit
man part of me really wants to find a cute neurodivergent afab person and talk to them about shared interests and date and do a bunch of cute sensual stuff
man, i love fedoras. i must own 20... i'm female. but i can rock them. :d i don't understand why tumblr hates them, either.
man, i would love some teasing about how fat i'm getting...
man, im sure glad no one calls me abusive and offensive names for being male, white, and straight.
many people are now considering the need of food and related preparation as an antidote for avoiding starvation. you might find this statement astounding, given the abundance of food to be purchased in our prosperous times, but i will put a question to you: where will you buy food when you refuse the mark of the beast?
many soldiers enjoyed ww1. if they were lucky they would avoid a big offensive, and much of the time, conditions might be better than at home.
many women are not capable of pleasure in sex and anything adverse they say or do has no effect whatever upon your pleasure. their bodies thrill you...you have no fear if they conceive. what if they do? you do not care. pour it into them and let fate decide...
mao had 25 mercedes-benz 600's for his own personal use, one of the most expensive cars made by the capitalist first world at the time. for such a harsh critic of oppressive capitalism he really supported the system.
mao suppressed confucianism more than anything else (which is a philosophy, not a religion, but i'm an adherent of a lot of it myself so i despise him for that)
marijuana changed us from nazis to peace-loving hippies
mark zuckerberg made me believe in good things again tonight. thank you.
marriage has one purpose only, which is to get her legal hooks into you. do not forget that american women, under the evanescent ivory skin, are eternally adolescent spoiled brats, feminine as a wrestler's jockstrap and primed, as soon as life's inevitable shocks come, to blame men for their unhappinesses
mars has surface water, but not enough. ceres, the largest asteroid, might be 25% water. if we simply crashed ceres into mars, that could cover 33% of mars with oceans up to 5900 meters deep. (spherical projection by request.)
marty mcfly and doc brown had us convinced that a car is the ultimate time machine. ayanda borrows this when faced with losing her father again through the sale of his garage, although her realisation of the idea comes off as a bit plastic. for a car enthusiast, i was a bit disappointed finding out that the film is less about cars (though a few classic cars make appearances) and more about loss.
marx cared about history. marxists haven't cared about history since marx.
mary lee walsh made it illegal to distribute the news dash; i am very angry at that xxxxx! in response, iplan to incite the masses, and hope they demand the return the news dash so my chances on getting a girlfriend can be restored. i have also declared war on them as well!
masculinity will come like flies to rotting meat
masculinity, marines, and my little pony.&&newline<kevin> by kevin w. martin, ma
masturbation - the implication that only losers have to masturbate because winners can get sex whenever they want ties into so much patriarchal bullshit.
maybe if they come up with a real weight loss pill that works, one could gain a couple hundred pounds, let it stretch and spread out for a while, and then lose it and keep all that extra skin.
maybe this fascist nge and kirdy parody is like how eggman made metal sonic, the reactionaries know that anime communism is too powerful to be brought down by their weapons so they just copied it
maybe you are a mother with a younger daughter who is interested in finding a man to teach your daughter. a man to show your daughter what your daddy showed you.
maybe you shouldn't deny racism then use the word white. just a suggestion.
maybe you're an aries person and the other is a cancer. a probable no-go? but if the cancer person has many planets in gemini and leo, they could be your soul mate. as linda wrote, learn the other person's entire birth chart. this stuff should be taught in school.
mcalisters president carin stutz says the brand has three key differentiators: a diverse menu, high-quality service, and, of course, sweet tea.
mccarthyistic trannies and golden cis tears
me gusta una vagina, por favor...
me after watching only 3 steven univers episodes: eeehh idk i don't really headcanon lars as trans  me now: trans lars
me and my girlfriend are eclipsing each other weight-wise. im gaining (my goal is 400-500) she is losing (trying to reach 123) and were both encouraging each other and i love my life right now.
me saying that thin people do not experience the systemic oppression that fat bodies do is not shaming. stop throwing that word around. thin people are not shamed on a systemic level for their bodies.
me? ten minutes without pancakes gives me nightmares.
meanwhile my interest in the nominally cismasculine seems only to go as far as i can to pull them out of the closet. ^^
meanwhileas obvious reaction to all of thisfrat boys and other campus punksters regularly flout the thought police by staging events along elaborately racist themes, events that, while patently vile, are beginning to constitute the free-speech movement of our time.
men also used to marry younger and in larger numbers to lock down their very own real-life woman. now, why bother doing the decent work of marrying and raising a family if you can swipe right and see a new pair every night?
men and women think quite differently - that is not segregation or  prejudice, it is nature. men are more small-chunk thinkers, analytical,  narrow focused, goal orientated, more aggressive than women, fraternity  based, and literal. women tend to look at the big picture, are more  nurturing, long-term thinkers, time givers, more patient, less  aggressive and are involved in the fight to define their own status in a  post-industrial society.
men can get abortions because men can get pregnant
men have sacrificed and crippled themselves physically and emotionally to feed, house, and protect women and children. none of their pain or achievement is registered in feminist rhetoric, which portrays men as oppressive and callous exploiters.
men who are asexual are coerced into participating in the sexual objectification of women in an attempt to fix them and that can be traumatizing, so asexual men need to have the option of being recognized as non-straight also. (and yes, coercing or tricking someone into viewing porn can be a form of abuse, or at the very least a violation of sexual boundaries, even if that person is an adult.)
mencius moldbug is human slime but i'm afraid i agree.
metal lyrics i just wrote: im in a pissed off attitude - cuz im in bullshit situation - placed into my lifestyle now -  by a unfair parent!!
mexico was... a nightmare. we got into a car accident... he was killed. our luggage... was stolen. the surgeon... turned out to be... a quack. if it hadn't been for these men...[gestures to the mariachi band] i don't know... how i would have... survived
michael jackson may have been not only a homosexual but also a transgender, and most of his psychological problems and drug abuse came from never having been able to fully transition, although he might have tried to take antiandrogens through some points of his life to prevent further masculinization of his body. but of course, this may be only some wishful transference on my part as i am transgender myself on a rather late transition and i am
michael: why are you not removing those comments? i will sit on your face. and not in a cute way.
microsoft is a convicted anti-trust company. what does god say about antitrust in the bible? ga&&newline<kevin> note: when i say anti-trust, i am referring to unfair competition - such as lowering the price so significantly that a lot of people buy your products, for example. ga
millennials want to get in and out faster and still have a high-quality meal experience.
minimum wage jobs are a stepping stone to better job. they are not meant for person to live on or to support a family. unless you have another source of income or low expenses, such as parents, retirement, roommates, etc, you should not accept a low wage position permanently.
minstrel shows portrayed blacks using positive stereotypes, as well as negative ones, and portrayed slavery as an ideal because some whites did consider the simple lives of slaves to be enviable in some ways. keep in mind my argument isn't that minstrel shows weren't ignorant or insensitive, but rather that they were the result of white people admiring and imitating black culture rather than spiteful racist mockeries.
minstrel shows were rooted in an appreciation for black culture. i know that your opinions are mostly comprised of standard leftist wing talking points that you heard from somewhere else, but try think outside of your very narrow box every now and then.
misgendering, transphobia, neuroimperialism (a word i coined, meaning forceful and oppressive imposition of a 'normal' state of mind), feminism shaming, fat shaming. what a sad excuse for humans you all are.&&newline<kevin> maybe it's time we teach these people to be respectful of others!
mitt romney is the only man who combines the integrity, financial resources, name recognition, and broad public support to make a realistic independent run at the presidency.
mmmmmmph this is like my thing. sexy catholic nun. i have odd fantasies haha
mocking shitty posters is a hallmark of shitty posters. this is not something that can be denied. there's a reason such people are fools. when lowtax laid the foundations for this webforum, it was so that intelligent posters may interact with others of similar mental caliber, and that each post would be judged on its content and quality.
modern turkey is as much as founded on genocidal ethnic nationalism as modern france, spain and germany being founded on genocidal ethnic colonialism or the united states being founded on genocidal ethnic secessionism and expansionism.†which is to say, it isn't.
modern liberalism [progressivism] suffers unresolved contradictions. it exalts individualism and freedom and, on its radical wing, condemns social orders as oppressive. on the other hand, it expects governments to provide materially for all, a feat manageable only by an expansion of authority and a swollen bureaucracy. in other words, liberalism defines government as tyrant father but demands it behave as nurturant mother.
molecules in the atmosphere scatter more blue light from the sun than red because of its shorter wavelength, but the sky itself is colorless. read a book dumbass.
mom and i made our way to the van and entered it; mike followed us out, and stood right in front of the van, thinking he was stonewall jackson. we backed up the van some; mike chased us. mom took the wheel; mike twice made his own deliberate leg scars, rubbing his legs on our bumper, banged our hood and fell backwards; we had not moved our van at either instance of him faking his falls.
mom got me this for christmas: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cv6ymrmweaaztfh.png
mommys training me to be a big chubby sissy and i scareds cuz stuff is happening to me
mommys turning me into such a big fat sissy she says i just a little girl and she um makes me all littles
monarchy does not have to be an antagonist to democracy. as someone who is trying to open people's mind, you should do the same, in my personal opinion.
money! several federal programs will give you money (like tanf, ssi, snap, etc), and so will state victim compensation programs.
morality is a subjective nonsense that is pretty much completely irrelevant. in a democratic society with free and fair elections, if something is legal, it cannot by definition be wrong. if something is illegal, then by definition, it must be wrong. the law is the only legitimate force that distinguishes right from wrong.
more thigh chafing (aka chub rub) prevention and treatment strategies
more candidates will be appointed regularly and promptly every time i find a freeloader who is loafing on post and drifting with the wind
more people are trafficked for industrial labor but you dont care because their forced labor and rapes arent as sexy as sex trafficking victims labor and rape. got it!
more people need to roast their own coffee or brew their own beer or shut the fuck up
moreover, it closes that small gap that exists with the women that i nurture now. it allows me to be more parental, to feel needed. everything clicked in to place, my life started to make so much more sense. i've always been a daddy dom. i just didn't realize it.
morgan k/27/nb camab trans lesbian
morning to all my diaper friends woke up got out of a very wet and s***** diaper put a pull up on poopy diaper again i probably will have to change i'm going to volunteer today and i don't want everyone to know how wet and messy i am but i'm still a good baby right
most african countries have little to no debt. just about every african country has at some point tried dumb plans which are similar to those suggested by goons here, such as 'investment in infrastructure', 'creating national champions' and 'using import tariffs to develop competitive industries.' of course, you're going to blame the failure of 99% of those policies on western imperialism and blah blah blah neocolonialism or whateve
most god-fearing christians don't even know we have an orphan system, but those homosexuals know because now that they're married, that's where they're going to get their children, right out of our foster system!
most office employees are obese and smoke...at a health food distributor!!
mostly, i'm missing a love life and a sense of adventure. (damn, that sounds more childish than i thought)
motherfucker - gender specific, but based on incest taboo rather than patriarchy?
mr pitella are you aware that if you succeed in decarbonising europe our crops will have no natural gas to grow from. we have to have carbon dioxide. this is madness, absolute madness what you are suggesting and our industry, our agricultural industry is going to suffer heavily if we attempt to bury carbon dioxide in the ground. it is absolutely mad.
mr. miscavige works tirelessly for the parishioners and their benefit and to aid millions through sponsorship and participation in global humanitarian initiatives and social betterment programs.
much like recreational drugs, i can;t see any logic in banning performance-enhancing drugs, as opposed to legitimising them, and making them safer to use, a legitimate industry, and life much more entertaining. i don't see them being any different to wearing those goofy spandex onesies or swimmers wearing special shark suits or having extra-wide lanes or whatever.
much of his material is racy and features ethnic humor, centering around various types of minority groups, most notably racial minorities and homosexuals.
much of the clothing from unconditional is gender fluent, yet without looking clichÈ. we've seen the future london and we like it.
much of the seven basic plots. and he made thousands of people who happen to be live action, as well
much of the talk in chat channels isn't much more elevated than barroom banter
music has its place and gifted musicians undeniably enhance our lives but if our hearts are given to these songs and those who make them, then our lives are unnecessarily impoverished.
musician, writer, advocate. author of eros empire lead guitarist for leaving babylon
muslims are terrorists anyway. russia was doing u all a favour.
muslims, christians, and jews lived together peaceably in palestine, lebanon, and north africa for centuries until the situation became politicized after world war i. until then, an individual's background and beliefs were just personal attributes, not a casus belli. government was at its most benign, an ineffectual nuisance that concerned itself mostly with extorting taxes. people were busy with that most harmless of
must you always bash on gamers? its just extremely popular, and like anything popular there are idiots and many of them, you can't generalize.
my  clothing is a billboard, and everything i wear carries a message, right  down to the schlumpy flannel-lined jeans and cavernous coat i wear to  walk the dog in winter. (the message right there is 'i don't give an  eff.')
my artmy gendermy social privilegesmy facesome tag info
my continued efforts to cook meat without making myself sick
my korean grandma hated an american daughter-in-law of hers, because the daughter always kept a thing of ranch dressing in her purse that she'd dump on all the korean food my grandma made.
my little pony: friendship is magic should actually be called friendship is rational
my mother is also in violation of the terms of the same above-mentioned coming out letter of 25 march 2008 by making assumptions that i am not capable of certain things or abilities due to the fact i have asperger syndrome... (this also ties in with reason 1 to an extent, but i am counting two violations as two violations)
my mother is violating the terms of my coming out letter of 25 march 2008. for some of you watched me back when, this was a big issue -- i was on a war footing if she did not accept me then.
my oc: kevin is an autistic 8-year-old 2nd grader who has to wear diapers 24/7. ever since he was a baby, he could never really control his urges to go; even when he was an older toddler, he did not gain bladder or bowel control. when his parents attempted to potty train him, he just couldn't make it in time, no matter how hard he tried. after about 2-3 months of failed attempts, they took him to a doctor, where it was determined that kevin is
my week stripping in cleveland during the rnc
my [21f] boyfriend [22m] of 6 months walked in on me in my fursuit, weird reaction
my ancestors, and yours, ate them usually in the form closest to how god made them. they used herbal remedies as medicine.
my areas of expertise are economics, libertarian politics, bdsm, and video games. i'm also into polyamory, science fiction, atheism, heavy metal, firearms, and space. yeah, i'm that guy. at least i'm funny. this started mostly as a porn blog but lately it's been more political.
my ass is ridiculously hairy.
my aunt was saying i might end up with mandatory therapy. i guess that wouldn't be so bad considering i'm in therapy anyway but they'll probably try to make me stop being pedosexual or some crap.
my bare glans rubs on my underwear all day distracting me from my studies
my being a 'realist' has struck me again :p my pre-teen self would live in nearly the same era which i actually did, the mid-60's through the mid-70's. you could be a kid back then without fear, and the worst you had to worry about was getting a bad report card from school :o toys were simple and cool, meant to be shared, and most didn't need batteries :p it was the twilight of innocence in america for kids; things are much different now and i
my belly has been itching a lot lately like it's been growing.  but my measurements haven't changed, so i don't know where it's coming from.  hoping i don't get accidental stretch marks!
my beloved does not identify with a binary gender.
my best experience would have to be when i tried the orca stack and played v-games all day in nothing but a diaper and a t-shirt while getting intoxicated.
my biggest skill is in very quickly making games with little help and knowing what to do to make them fun
my body and sex are most of my favorite things. i always wished to see myself in photos and pictures, i am a true nudist, therefore it's not a problem for me to get undressed. it gives me an opportunity to present my body and private emotions for people who admire beauty of a female body.
my body doesnt respond well to flax, would i be able to substitute another seed like maybe sesame?
my boyfriend is chinese and we plan on getting married in the future. his parents are extremely important to him and i feel that their opinion could have a say in whether we will have a future or not. i don't speak chinese though, do you think it will be mandatory sooner or later for me to learn chinese? he wants me to be apart of his family. i'm just asking myself if this might even be expected from me?
my boyfriend tells me im too skinny..
my boyfriend/feeder recently broke up with me, it has been very hard in both aspects. does anybody want to be friends? message me :) looking for a sweet guy who wants to cuddle my rolls and feed me yummy things ^.^
my brother's in the can and won't get out 'til next july
my butt in bed.  though i think we'd all agree that it'd look better much wider and covered in cellulite dimples.
my case is a bit odd, i guess. i can look at a good-looking guy and think he's attractive, but i can't achieve orgasm by fantasizing about having sex with him. the only thing on earth that can bring me to orgasm is a diaper, whether it's simply the thought of wearing one, or of using one. do i still qualify as asexual under such circumstances?
my childrens stories have a gender roles subverted hetero couple, a friendship between a disabled mermaid and a trans human boy, a marriage between two lesbian princesses, and an asexual pirate who saves his crew from sirens.
my cousin told me that i'm just like a vampire and i got so excited! i'm not a vampire though so i told her i was instead a creature of the night and she though that was really cool!!! it feels great to be recognised!!
my crack ship is peridot/ mayor dewey.
my crackship is jasper/amethyst/ pearl. ( poly gems. :d )
my dad said everyone is hates gay folk so i said pappy im a make a tumbler post for all the world to accept gays on. father will see the post and say wowza my boy look at those tumbler notes im gonna sure not be bad any more. he will see
my default way to dress, look and behave is that of a younger teenager, for example. biologically i am in my mid-20s, but people think im way younger than that. and it gets even more noticeable when i resort to things like my pacifier or throw a tantrum that makes the terrible twos look like a picnic. very noticeable, trust me.
my dick is 3 inches hard (and only one ball)
my dick was hard in the coffe shop. her modesty made her a lot more attractive.
my ding a ling, my ding a ling, i want to play with my ding a ling.
my disgust in nuts has been a recurring theme throughout my life so far
my draconic cock is 22.5 inches long and three inches wide. with its tapered tip, there are a few holes i wouldn't be able to get in to. it has a strange, knot-like bulb at its base, but doesn't usually flare during arousal as a dog's knot would. a scaley sack hugs my a quartette of testicles tightly against my body. i estimate each of them to be about five inches across.
my ex and i fucked next to the train tracks in bloomfield, nj in the middle of the afternoon while waiting for our laundry to dry.
my expectations are realistic, and what i can do and am open for, from what she, of any orientation, likes, i feel i can manage well.
my family thinks saddam hussein was good which pisses me off because i know how terrible he was.
my fat is fan supported. i feed myself well most of the time, but its not cheap to stay this fluffy. help. lol
my favorite things are animals, food, and movies. christian. autism humor. birder. anglophile. brony. game enthusiast.
my favorite things are animals, food, and movies. christian. autism humor. birder. anglophile. i love tweeting about brony merch and other brony stuff!
my favorite virtue is success. my least favorite virtue is not having success. if i could change one thing about myself, it would be becoming more successful.
my favourite part of the card is actually the art. the art looks really really good, and i wouldn't mind having it up on a wall. people get so stuck up on the fact that the art looks like kkk members that they don't stop to appreciate the art itself.
my femininity is at once held to a higher standard than that of cis women, and if i fail at femininity not only am i devalued as a woman but my very womanhood (and thereby my personhood and humanity) itself is attacked. that is a whole other level of misogyny that i would never welcome any woman to.
my fiance came back over today so we could hang out and watch the new su and rent. (talking about su i think im kin with sardonyx.)
my fingers arent long enough to use modern phones one handed. this must be some kind of oppression, right?
my first book was 'the long ride home', which i wrote on a cross-country bicycle trip in 2010. it's sort of a 'what if' about how i would have gotten home if the world had fallen apart while i was so far from home on a bicycle.
my first instinct wouldnt be to use corn bread in what is traditionally an italian peasant dish, but this recipe by giada di laurentiis for using up stale corn bread has a 5-star rating from 60 users. and i usually find that giadas recipes are as good as they look.
my fitbit is currently reporting my heart rate as 53, not riled up in the slightest. try again dude.
my freshman year of college i actually learned the physiology behind morning wood in human anatomy and physiology.
my gemsona isn't with homeworld or with earth, she'd much rather explore by herself and not fight. she particularly likes the sea (because she is an opalized ammonite) and is curious about animals. but she's impractical, overly idealistic and cannot multitask to save her life. (sorry if this wasn't what you meant)
my girlfriend and i tried out belly sex as foreplay for the first time not too long ago. it was amazing. she was so soft and squishy. her belly button is a kink spot for her so she loved it. i never would have thought itd be this hot. our love making was electric that night.
my girlfriend is trans and has been doing hormone replacement therapy for about a year. about how likely is it that she can still get me pregnant?
my girlfriend says i have a 'type' and that is true to an extent but i try and see the beauty in many people. i like women of all shapes and sizes and the most important thing is common interests, intelligence, bookishness, more than body type. but i am often described as a fat admirer.
my heart feels numb, and i am forced to keep a great emotional distance from everybody outside my house and home. i am an autistic mental and emotional mess, and there is very little i can do to help myself, beyond my knowledge. and god sees fit for some (hate-filled) reason to continue to curse me as a jinx.
my home is a place of peace. i dont want to live with red hot heating elements and razor sharp knives. that sounds like a torture chamber. however, its not a total loss. i was able to use the cabinets to store part of my book collection.
my hormone doctor knows about my bdsm involvement (not by choice, had welts from a party a week before that he saw. he's totally cool with it)
my husband has given me permission to post pictures of his belly:) he has the most perfect adorable belly ever. be on the lookout, pictures to come this afternoon!
my interest in comic books i think began declining when people began emphasizing why they should be politically correct.  gee, do you think there is a correlation there?
my interest in comic books i think began declining when people began emphasizing why they should be politically correct.  gee, do you think there is a correlation there?&&newline<kevin> i think us comic book fandom is too pathetic to have a gg type rebellion though.
my interests are geeky, and my intellect substantial.
my kintypes, or theriotypes, are me. i am a badger, a jackrabbit, and a bat. (not physically, but i identify as them.) for me, i identify as them for spiritual reasons while others may identify as their kintypes for psychological reasons. we identify as animals or other beings because we experience urges and thoughts that we characterize as nonhuman. we also can experience astral limbs that belong to the beings we identify. i,
my knowledge of windows internals is a little dated, but before i became a capitalist, i did spend a lot of time hacking windows and unix/linux internals... i even did ibm mainframe systems programming for a while, back around the time that disco was king.
my large deliberate weight gain over a year. from around 150-160 to 250 today.
my last article and audio piece titled, 'the magic of vagina blood' had immediately got some mixed reactions. a lot of my followers enjoyed it, but were a bit confused because i had provided no science to back up what i was saying.
my leisure time consists of dressing up in black and yelling at cops at protests, aggressive inline skating (kinda beginner jumping curbs and bullshit) , drawing, cosplay (which i plan to return to doing at some point) , and urban/street photography
my life experiences and 16 years in this fandom and 20+ years around the zoo community,and my entire life spent around sex and the types of people you only read about in horror stories
my life has been one of guilt and confusion. every day i've lived with feelings and emotions that were not supposed to be me but that kept haunting me every waking hour and sometimes in my sleep. i could never put my finger on what it was that i wanted or why i felt so guilty.
my main fantasies revolved around being forced by a woman into becoming one myself. i started buying the little pink trans novels at the bookstores and became obsessed with their visions of my wife burning all my male clothing, injecting me with giant syringes of hormones, and hauling me off to the beauty parlour against my will.
my mania causes severe insomnia. by no longer taking my sleeping medication i should be able to die with dignity and naturally. it will take a while for the effects to fully kick in and i'm trying to have a normal and peaceful end of life.
my mind is still brilliant. my memory unaffected by drugs or experience...
my mission could be said to fulfill the biblical promise represented by this brief anti-christ period. during this period there is a fleeting opportunity for the whole scenario to be effectively derailed, which would make it impossible for the mass marcabian landing (second coming) to take place.
my mom says i was slow to potty train and was in diapers/training pants till i was 4. i stayed in diapers at night untill sometime after my brother was born. i shared a room with my older brother until i was about 6. he was around 10 and began complaining about my bedwetting and being awaken at night when my parents would check me, make me go to the bathroom or change my sheets and make me change my pajamas if i had already wet.
my mommy gave me a bedtime and trained me not to get hard anymore
my mommy is making me eat lots of greasy food and making me lazy and shes training me not to get hard and its a little spooky but also super hot oops idk shes in charge
my moobs and belly and hips and thighs and butt are growing so big i look like im pregnant tbh
my mother has tried to coerce me into going back to briefs; hells no! panties are far more comfortable and stylish. and i am not going to ever go out without one of my sports bras again. she even tried to bribe, or wager, me, but i would not take it.
my mother is literally threatening to bring people in to pray for, i.e. assault, me. someone help me please.
my mother, the murderous whore, is refusing to have sex with me when that could alleviate my sexual frustration.
my name is bella bryce and i'm a multi-titled published author of clean age-play and traditional discipline fiction.  my work is unique in this genre for many reasons.
my name is kevin. i am a 25 year old sophomore computer science major living in ohio. i am primarily attracted to women or women aligned people. i use they or she pronouns. i am also autistic and hard of hearing.
my name is kevin. im fat and i like being fat. i post stuff thats all fat-like, fat- and body- and fetish-positive, sexual, political with a liberal stance, and often text-heavy. everything heavy.
my name is seymour kevin, although most know me as trillian thundercunt
my name is tane, it's a tane, baby name shirts, t shirts for boys, hello my name is shirt, tee shirts for boys, tane name t shirt, i'm tane, i love my name tane, my name shirt, cool tane t-shirt, perfect gift for tane, gift birthday for tane, tane's birthday, irish name tane, best gift for birthday
my name is deci. early 30s, sexually charged, kinky, queer, trans dyke dungeon mistress drummer bitch. puns and pancakes, wit and whips, orgasms and orgies, monster girls, eldritch terrors, transdimensional beings, new wave dark matter entities, and generally a lot of me being a massive lesbo trash heap.
my name's faelan | they/their pronouns
my name's max and i'm a trans lady. sometimes people call me guy or maxie.
my name's sebastian. i'm 17, taken by sarah (click it she's wonderful), and i have a huge cock. &&newline<kevin> on here you'll see: a:tla, arrested development, the office, stuff related to smerch and rdj (unf), anything valve, minecraft, bethesda... doctor who, stephen king, political rants and debates, and just various shit. also homestuck. huge fucking hamsteak fan.
my natural opinion would be to support the police 100%. i have never had a bad experience with the police and they are generally pretty reasonable even in our own police shows.
my old high school had a girls tennis team but not a boys tennis team. i was friends with lots of the girls on the tennis team though because i was out there a lot and they'd use me to practice&&newline<kevin> a few of them used me to practice a few things other than tennis but that's not a conversation to have to gamefaqs >_>
my only hope is that someday, one hundred and fifty or two hundred years hence, we will have occasion to honor on our currency a brave (and as yet unknown) warrior who will have helped to erase the stain of legalized infanticide from this nation's history, in the same way harriet tubman helped erase the stain of slavery.
my parents didn't see me puking but they knew what had happened. my dad comes up to me and says 'what the hell happened last night? you came home with your dick hanging out of your pants and wearing someone else's shoes.' apparently i forgot to zip my fly and i just grabbed a random pair of shoes from the party, they were girl size 6, i am size 12.
my penis is 'gross,' but your private parts ooze chunky blood for three days every month? get the fuck out of here.
my poor grifty had his collar temporarily removed for the trip.  he is the sad. of course my collar on his heart is always there.
my pussy has athletes foot
my pussy too fat for shit like this. id have one lip hanging out on the side. the whole video would have my left pussy lip blurred out.
my reaction to all these christian sonic pics is always the same: jesus christ!!!!! (pun intended, i'm between agnostic and atheist, btw.)
my reaction to seeing adorable younger goths.
my realistic ultimate fantasy is to be a busty shemale. if i ever win the lottery, it will be awfully hard not to just disappear and start some sort of body transformation regimen. but i've also begun to wonder over the last year or so if i'll end up there, one way or another, just a little slower.
my sense of morality isn't warped by crying about whether something's fair.
my sexual orientation has been slowly shifting for years because i like it that way and i want it that way and i've worked for the change to take place. my gender identity follows suit consequently. my gender expression (still largely male, though effeminate) will follow suit in the future. i chose it. it boils down to how much do i want it vs. how much do i fear the consequence.
my soft heavy layer of fat being like a chastity belt, a social wall separating me from others built by myself a pound at a time.  i'll sometimes imagine my life, growing older and fatter, having completely resigned myself virtual celibacy for better or worse.  being told something like i'm going end up single for the rest of my life because i can't control my weight is instantly arousing.  it might be frightening to my mind, but it also goes s
my soon-to-be-exgirlfriend and i have discussed our relationship and my sexuality quite a bit. she tried, i more or less lost interest and gave up on trying. naturally, the feminization is only one of several reasons for the relationship failure and not even the biggest.
my stomach was empty that's why i steal (what)
my tablet alerted me that there was a new lp. i checked to see what it was, and when i saw it was this, my reaction was, 'oh hell no! hell yeah!'.
my third tattoo is on my left forearm and it says ownlife in tiny script. yes, its newspeak from the book 1984. i used to date el-p.
my trans nature has always been inextricably woven in with my ab-ness, so much so that i consider it a sign of trans behavior. both occurred at more or less the same time--it's impossible to say which came first. indeed, from my teens on, i'd invariably have a mental image myself as a little girl.
my wedding was perfect  and i was fat as hell the whole time | life and style | the guardian
my wife and i are new to the k9 thing but are very aroused by it. we have both tried oral on our k9 but his knott goes away after just a few minutes and loses his hard on. is there anyway to help him keep it up? also my wife wants to see me get taken anally by our k9. is there any real difference between anal and vaginal k9 intercourse?
my zima buying habit alone should darn near justify continued production.
no men, no couples, no dicks, no penises, no johnson's, no sausages, etc.
no man deserves a relationship with a transgender person.  remember how we have sex offenders register so their community can be warned?  we should do that with sex changers also.
no, you hag! i will not shut up about anything! we have opinions and we will shout them from the rooftops. and you can't do anything about it. 1st amendment you menopausal cuntlicker!
nsfw // trans girl // crust punk anime girl //pure thornography
nt is one of those rather rare examples of buildings where the exterior perfectly matches the interior. the compact minimalism you can observe from outside, permeates into the rooms and hallways creating a much fuller, more impactful experience. the sounds that the windows made when you adjusted them utterly surpassed any horrific sound in existence. those blades had to be oiled often but tenants sometimes decided against that.
nt stands for needs to stop
nanny ive done a wee wee
naturally, my sister and i are openly out as asexual and bisexual, respectively, neither of us are proper conservatives or christians in my parents' definitions, and neither of us have any real interest in marrying the opposite sex and having grandkids. my parents haven't dealt with this well.
near constant flatulence that has a smell so powerful to me that i risk cumming on particularly strong farts. in addition i can't hold them back for more than 10 minutes at most; if i try then it'll practically explode out my rear end, soil my pants a bit, and of course make me cream them like i was edging for a whole day.
nearly every account of me is unreliable. i'm well aware i'm a curiosity and a weirdo, and both my politics and way of thinking & talking are quite different. that coupled with being autistic and christian makes me a pretty easy target. people can say and do shit to me because they know if i speak up i won't be listened to or believed.
negative remarks about food will not be tolerated. prayer and fasting are a profitable substitute.
neo meets with a counselor in zion, an older man who tells him that he  'slept for the first eleven years of his life,' so he never sleeps now.  this parallels my logic for wearing high heels at all times - i wore  'comfortable' shoes for my first twenty-five god damn years, that's  enough for a lifetime.
nerds, bros, & jocks need to unite before the last vestiges of male life is eliminated altogether.
neurotypicals:it's okay to talk to yourself sometimes, but if you start talking back or arguing with yourself then you've got problems!&&newline<kevin> me:ha ha, yeah...those crazy people...so crazy...i have never done anything like that,,,
never mind what the diaper looks like on the outside. its whats inside the diaper that makes it a comfortable or uncomfortable diaper.
new mad pride movement: 'schizophrenics' and 'bipolars' as the new spiritual vanguard?
new york is a peculiar place: practically nobody ever looks at anybody no matter what they are doing--including rape and murder.  even dead bodies can lie on the street until the sanitation department gets a complaint--and answers it if they happen to have any appropriations that month.  so heller was attracting no attention.
new life goal: find a partner that helps w butt drugs
new video on dentists & diapers, want & need - staydiapered - baby teeth http://youtu.be/4k6i4k4zfuy  #abdl
nightvale and asexual colors are super similar. coincidence? well listeners, we can only hope it is.
no twefs or swerfs thank
no costume? no problem! order your puppymonkeybaby costume today to have it arrive before halloween!
no job, no real plans with returning to school - priority is my gender transition and winning social security disability at this time with my life. the former i have been transitioning male to andrygyne female since 2010, disability since 2013 started (i have asperger syndrome, post-traumatic stress disorder, dissociative identity disorder, bipolar disorder, depression, and fibromyalgia - i cannot hold a part time job, let alone any full-time o
no longer love my gf because her bodycount is higher than what i consider acceptable. i don't care how she feels about me, i am disgusted.
no matter the gnocchi you aspire to, getting there is something of a journey. i've been there: i was taught by an old neapolitan nonna in italy whose expert hands made the process look ridiculously simple
no name change will be issued if the applicant's civil rights have been suspended. (fla. stat. ann. ß 68.07).
no one has explained what good it tends toward. with intercourse, we can see that the telos of eros is babies. indeed, the science of biology even defines an organism's success by how many grandchildren it has.&&newline<kevin> homosexual activism completely ignores the question of what this behavior tends toward (telos) in favor of insisting that it's equal to heterosexual behavior. well no, they're demonstrably different.
no one wants to connect with me. it's like they can sense my bad luck, and don't want it to rub off. even my mother is starting to act uncomfortable around me, and we have always been very intimate.
no woman should ever act a certain way, ever. i never meant to make it out to be that way. but it sounds like you're implying that 'female' holds some separate meaning on its own. are you talking about biological sex? because that's transphobic.
no, i wanted orange! it gave me lemon-lime.
no, i was more thinking along the lines of 'buy 2-6 houses all next to each other, demolish them and make a cool compound with extensive garden'.
no, i would not. i have my morals, and jesus guides me. and i have my strong promises i have mutually made with josh. i caved in, but even though i typed 'alex', i was actually shouting 'josh' .
no, this /is/ racism. accessorising a language is a form of microaggression, & its relatively fetishist. if ur not from the culture the language belongs 2, u dont get 2 reduce it 2 a punch-line tool, esp if the language belongs 2 a marginalised/ oppressed culture (& yes, hyper - visibility is a form of oppression, & no, fetishisation is not a compliment)
no, women weren't playing ice-hockey and weren't ceos of some shit-selling 'corporations' in those times. they simply had more important tasks (bearing children to grow new fighters).
no. s&m is a sexual orientation, like being gay or straight. you are born this way. embrace it and have fun.
nonbinary lesbians exist.
none of this is done to girls *because they have vaginas*. it is done to girls because they are girls. it is done to women because they are women. and the act of saying that it happens to them because they have vaginas is part of the very system of oppression that also oppresses trans women: the patriarchy, which is what made that call and reinforces that idea.
nongamers often ask when videogames are finally going to get their citizen kane. but when spore ships sometime next year, this infant medium might receive its torah, its origin of species and its 2001: a space odyssey all rolled into one.
north korea is scientology minus tom cruise plus nuclear weapons.
not a big fence-sitter, me. i'm either all pink or all brown. why work the middle?
not all het people are straight. cis heterosexual aromantics and heteroromantic asexuals exist, and unless the specifically want to id as straight, they are not. stop erasing asexual and aromantic people.
not even tomato sauce, for most americans ketchup is the 'mother sauce' of their cuisine.
not having to worry about anything and being able to wear diapers 24/7? ummmmm where do i sign up :)
not interested lol i'm 9 inches as thick as a redbull
not obeying the officers orders to get out off the street and use the sidewalk is an act of aggression.
not queer like gay, queer like escaping definition
not really sure why maduro hasn't had all the opposition arrested en masse at this point. i guess he wants to have a perpetual 'conspiracy!' yell fest going (even though it seems to be non-effective at this point)?
not sure why a scum blog like yours was recommended to me. but you're transphobic and literally disgusting. i had terfs
note to self: do not go on autism speaks website. the only thing it will do for you is make you want to go on a rampage and punch all of those ableist little shits and anyone who supports them in the fucking face.
notes: 1) to make this pasta sauce extra decadent-tasting, add a tablespoon or two of vegan butter into the sauce. 2) to make this dish gluten-free, use gluten-free pasta. 3) to make this nut-free, use a nut-free non-dairy milk such as soy milk instead of almond milk. be sure to use unsweetened and unflavoured milk.
nothing better than solo netflix and chill :) true me time :)
now i'm actually looking forward to seeing boom based on what people are saying. eggman being all obsessed reminds me of robotnik in the old cartoons, which was pretty much the only reason to watch them (though i never managed to get into the satam one, it was just too over the top for me).
now im not saying hugh grant is a closeted tryke but hugh grant gets a lot of closeted tryke roles.
now answer my comm, you cics!
now before i ever knew i was demihomoromantic asexual, i found out i was autistic thanks to a big fancy evaluation.
now for some screwball reason, this society considers life junior to force. this is a nutty philosophy called materialism or mechanism. it is false.&&newline<kevin> unless this society snaps out of it and gets rid of that philosophy, which is just primitive nonsense, this society will never be able to survive.
now let's look at your personality. this is what you've told us about yourself. understand that this is not our opinion of you, but is a factual scientific analysis taken from your answers. it is your opinion of you.
now that i know im trans, a lot of things jump out at me that make me go, well duh. like the fact that when i first saw a girl with a penis on some weird porn reality show i was like, hey, shes actually really cute or the fact that i love the rammstein song zwitter about an intersex person who can have sex with themselves. but for this i want to talk about what was and still is my go-to porn which isnt directly related to t
now that feminism has taken over my wife is the bread winner and i just sit around at home all day on skype with the other husbands watching netflix, complaining about how she has a small penis that doesn't satisfy me.
now, i know weight distribution is mostly genetic and also somewhat determined by sex, but its purely in the interest of science that ive decided to try some of these supplements and see how it works out for me. *wink*
now, if we apply logic, we see that if the matrix is real (going by standard philosophy and modern logic research, the answer is yes - see above), and the human centipede is more realistic than the matrix, then doesn't that mean the human centipede is real?
now, of course, i do not condone sex with a girl under the legal age of consent; the legal headache will never be worth the sex,
now, one of the things thats a problem with horses is the height difference. so, heres a little tip: use a water bucket to stand on. in the case of the first time with my current mare friend i was sitting with my back to the wall, and she had actually pressed into my face hard enough that i was pinned there performing oral sex.
o to the m to the ggg, im literally crying of pure fucking happiness, i love kyary pamyu pamyu so fucking much it's unbelievable, since the first time i heard pon pon pon, she got me into liking japan even more than i already had, she is such a beautiful and happy person and kind as well, everyone i'm feeling down i know i can listen to a kyary pamyu pamyu song and know it will cheer  me up.
obama you fucking sand nigger you cant take away my fireworks you disrespectful piece of shit. i fought for that shit and i wont let you win
oh my god!!! ugh!!! are you really a hermaphrodite?! i'm sorry, but that naughty picture just really shocked me and made me want to throw up. *deep breath* you do have a pretty face, but what happened just now is just like the movie, 'the crying game', or the thanksgiving episode of 'the cleveland show'.
ok. here's what you do. read a wide variety of left and rightwing media sources. the truth will be in the middle. if you read an article on a leftwing site go find a rightwing site to see what the other didn't tell you. the same is true for the reverse. read a rightwing source, find a leftwing. throw libertarian sources in there every now and then for a wider variety.
okay so one fuck you because coldplay is my favorite and yes there is a fanbase i am part of it along with a lot of other people so fuck you and your stupid ass
okgotta say it. bambino is baaaaack! holy s***! the new bambino and classico lines are back to the old crinkly super awesome quality and it is so great. the bellissimos are back up to 7.3 oz and they are floodable very many times. i cant say enough about them.
omg i have always loved using tampons and maxi pads, i prefer the deodorant type but i use real girls used tampons and heavy flow maxi pads all the time. i have never had any illnesses from putting clean or very heavy flow tampons up my butt. i feel more like a real girl when i have a verey heavy flow bloody maxi in my panties and a bloody tampon up my butt than i do from using new
omg! my nipples are now 2 inches long and are bright purple. but no blisters, no clear discharge but no milk let down. they don't hurt, but they do sag and i just feel very busty & wobbly.
omg!!!! sickening and scary that an atheist jew loves the pope!!! that means all catholics are in trouble with his actions! a jesuit!!! yuk!!
op acts like genders werent a social construct in the first place. pfft
oral sex is very import in a heathy relationship, i know she will be real happy !!!! when she see my big fat.------ i'm getting honey just thanking about it.... have to jump in the water,boy o boy it's a nice day today!!!
o_o&&newline<kevin> please dont count pat robertson as a leader in the christian sphere&&newline<kevin> hes more of an embarassment&&newline<kevin> even where staunch evangelicals are concerned
obama has released the homo demons on the black man. look out black woman. a white homo may take your man.
obama's patois is jamaican us wish he could be prez forever [airhorn]
obamacare advertisements promote 'homo-erotic twerking,' part of a larger hollywood agenda that 'tore down men and glorified world peace and transvestites.'
objectively speaking, the mod needs work. his facial features are still predominantly†negroid†(scientific terminology for the bone structure and other morphological traits predominant in the sub-saharan population; as opposed to caucasoid or mongoloid). this results in an eumelanin-deficient black man, rather than a white man.
obligatory laundry-list of identities: nonbinary, aro ace, white, muslim, culturally quaker, autistic, mentally and physically ill, artist, writer, and a gigantic nerd about invertebrate zoology/marine biology/systematics and evolution
obvious closeted and sorta starting out questioning trans lesbian gets shittonne of abuse on tumblr from cisbians busily trying to recontextualize their relationships with men with twats as sapphic, film at eleven.
obviously this isn't me throwing out an 'all refugees are fundie idiots' but the obvious is routinely lost on a lot of the islamist apologists in this thread, so the obvious must be stated. i hope taking in the refugees doesn't turn into a fantastic shit show where by isis sleepers fuck up the muslim public relations effort but i'm going to reserve my optimism.
occupy wall street (because) black lives matter
octopus like tendencies (multitask)
of course jews should be trinitarian because jews should be christian.
of course it is, theres no denying that, a huge percentage of this sites userbase is young, uneducated, or just dumb, but you have to be the most ridiculous self-obsessed weirdo to think that in order to qualify for transness, regardless of effective lived experience, you have to, before all things, agree with the personal definition of what trans is of former rhizzone mod bonclay realsubtle. you imbecile.
of course the ultimate goal for me is vaginoplasty.  if i could do it now without declaring a new gender i would.  i really hate my penis and want it gone.  unfortunately, i am years and years away from getting to that.
of course these days we can be pretty sure that a libya-style intervention in 2011/2012 would have been preferable.
often the poor man is not so cold and hungry as he is dirty and ragged and gross
oh goody cutesy-wutesy romancey shipping shenanigans between two non-human characters now all we need is someone to transition and maybe someone's fictive headmate to become corporeal and jerk them off and we can have the tumblrkrigg court we've always desired.
oh hay guys i didn't know there was pedoshit in it, except for that s&m dress you can put your loli daughter in but you don't get max score if you do that.
oh hey, there's a good way of looking at it! d&d alignments.
oh man. one time a piece of roux jumped out and landed on my foot. i immediately swiped it off but the damage was done. gave me a nickel sized blister and i couldn't wear shoes for two weeks. i never make roux in flip flops anymore.
oh my god, i need this, i need this fuckin' all day long, i want to know all about this.
oh my god, i had no idea imitation crab had gluten in it!
oh my lord, i have foond a big bang theory/doctor who crossover fanfic. readin' this
oh no. i hate it when i get my sheets wet...
oh no. i'm goin' hatchet crazy! i'm about to change his nick
oh okay. you're just having such a great time doing these boive makeovers that's really cute though. i really do appreciate it. keep us entertained all night. keep calling. bye.
oh so looking for a cross dressing woman as a dude? like called a butch or dyke woman fashion men clothes styles ?;
oh the things we do to stay young. if you havent heard of bone broth  its exactly as it sounds. broth made with bones. it has plenty of collagen and is good for your skin and your stomach. for many, beef bone broth has a semi-ick factor, until you drink it. then, its delicious.
oh wait! hold up! shout out to the slave masters! without them we'd still be in africa. we wouldn't be here to get this ice and tattoos.
oh we have a new transgender update for you as well. oh no new transgender news for all of you who are bathroom-goers and public -- you use public restrooms? i think a lot of people are going to be walking around with just depends on from now on. they're just not going to use the bathroom. adult diapers, diapers for everybody. no one's going to be going to the bathroom. you have little kids, there's going to be no
oh yeah, yeah... oh yeah, julie, julieeeeeeee, julie!!! mmmh... ahhh... julayyyyyyyy! julayyyyyyyy, julaaaaay... julay!!!! julay... julaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayy!!!
oh, i forgot to mention, she really enjoyed my dick; it was soo big and good, that it put the last dude she was with to shame; her words.
oh, internet feminists...i really can't stand them. some of them do legitimately points out important arguments in logical and civil manner. more often than not, though, the ones i've encountered, both in and out of this site tend to be overly touchy. almost as bad as grammar nazis.
oh, absolutely. because her blouse was kind of openand, oh, it was racyand the skirt was tight, and she was a bad girl. and i thought, yes. that is right up my alley.
oh, and by the way, because i am a shemale i will also buy the penis pump, since i also want to make my penis larger ;) but don't worry ladies, i will post the pictures of my progress in that area in the men's section. :)
ok im going to start off with i have never believed in ghosts or the supernatural i have tried to summon succubi a few times with no avail
ok so basically, i have an idea, and i know zilch about developing, coding, or making mods so i'm looking for people who know how to make mods want exactly what i want and are willing to do it so i can play it :-d basically, i want a concubinage mod. if i capture a castle with a woman in it i'd like the option to make her my concubine.
ok so nascar starts today..i will be home to watch it...do not...i repeat...do not call text. or visit during my nascar....for the season....yous have been for warn.....have a great day....
ok so you got your childrens show with lesbians and your childrens show with bisexuals. when can we have a childrens show with aro-aces? not they-can-be-easily-headcannoned-as-aro-ace, but characters who outright say that they are in no way shape or form attracted to people.
ok, if that someone is yourself. and if youre disabled and cant do this for yourself, then yes, there should be someone who can help you.&&newline<kevin> healthcare is a basic human right. sexual health is a vital component of health.&&newline<kevin> sex therapy is legal in all 50 states. it should be covered by all insurance.
okay folks, let me just set the record straight here for a second. i dislike infernalism, which is an artificial game-construct created by white wolf. this rant has nothing to do with satanism or anton levey's church or that stuff. (personally, i don't care what you believe, as long as it doesn't conflict with my way of life.) is that clear? i don't care if you worship demons in real life, but i do care if you want to do it in my game.... clear
okay so i probably sound like a moron and i really hope i don't offend anyone but i need to ask:can someone explain or define demiplatonic to me because it's not something i've heard of before about ten minutes ago and i don't know what it is exactly because i've seen too many different definitions?
old enough to bleed, old enough to breed! old enough to bleed, old enough to breed!
old white cisgays are just as bad as cishets when it comes to holding back progress for the mogai rights movement tbh
olive oil keeps the whole thing vegan.
omg ur literalaly so anti-semitic? dont u see the need for israel as a jewish state????
on the beautiful and tragic weirdness of sonic adventure  mammon machine: zeal  medium
on thursday, december 31st, 2015, it will have been ten years since troy and gabriella met at that ski lodge in salt lake city.
on a macro level, star wars has always been about the war between the republic and the empire. but weve mostly followed the journey of the skywalker family. rebels opens the universe up more, to show what kind of damage extended warfare has on a place and a populace. every single member of the rebels team has lost people in the clone wars or order 66. the show dives deep into the ramifications on the common folk when titans battl
on a scale of cuddles to rough sex i need everything on the fucking scale.
on my way to court in a suit and a tie
on that note, i love when people take care of themselves and have good hygiene, good smelling people give me goosebumps! ^-^
on the approach of a woman in this state, must will become sour, seeds which are touched by her become sterile, grafts wither away, garden plants are parched up, and the fruit will fall from the tree beneath which she sits. her very look, even, will dim the brightness of mirrors, blunt the edge of steel, and take away the polish from ivory. a swarm of bees, if looked upon by her, will die immediately.
on the contrary the skin & seeds of apples are very toxic, per cdc guidelines if you ingest them you must make yourself throw up right away. if you cannot make yourself throw up you need to smoke a cigarette immediately, the smoke with suffocate the toxins.
on the other hand, shirts do offer some advantages. shirts draw more attention to the fact that your diaper boy has no pants on, but can still wear his shirt. it's as if he has gotten dressed as much as he can, and once he has his shirt on, that's it. if you do allow your diaper boy to wear a shirt, here are a few guidelines:
on the third hand, some women, and some people who don't identify as men or as women, have penises. associating penises with negative things is potentially damaging to trans women and trans*femme people, who are socially vulnerable (whereas cis men are not). it also has the potential to reinforce the false equivalence between cis male privilege and the possession of a penis.
on top of that, hrt has made satisfying sexual release more difficult (orgasms always happen, they just kinda suck now unless i put a lot of effort into tantric breathing exercises).
once again, a costco product was ahead of me and delivered even more than i expected. the frequency with which this happens is actually kind of embarrassing
once avoided for its fatty (but oh-so-delicious) flavor, bacon is experiencing a renaissance, and which wich has joined the movement.
once you know what it is you want to be true, instinct is a very useful device for enabling you to know that it is
once, a guy claiming to identify as a daddy approached me about meeting up, me being a sissy submissive girl whatever. when he first emails me he says hes30, but then after i agree to meet he texts me on his way over hes 50. and at thetime, i hadnt really been enlightened enough to think that older folks could be sexual, so that weirded me out. still. he came over. i answered the door in my cute pink shiny negligee and stockings, but a
one ace moment i had is that i'm in charge of the laundry at my home where i live with my mom and step-dad. i had spent months wondering what these weird yellowish stains were that kept accumulating on their white sheets. i finally asked my mother, and just as the words levt my mouth, i finally realized what they must be. the look on my face must have told my mom that i had realized, because she just laughed.
one astute babyfur noted that watersports is a relatively visible fetish within the furry community. while watersports fetishists are subject to a certain degree of kink-shaming, they are far less likely to be demonized in the way that babyfurs are. i can only surmise that diapers suggest age regression (regardless of whether of not ageplay is taking place), giving diapers a faint whiff of the taboo.
one book everyone should read is: atlas shrugged by ayn rand
one could say the real war on women is the actions of left wing black men on all women in the us
one man's fight against china's ban on eating bananas 'erotically'
one nice thing about bento lunches is that theyre practically waste-free, but sometimes its nice to be able to toss the whole container when youre done.
one of my favorite game companies, paizo publishing, just revealed their fifth of six new characters for their new advanced class guide book. her name is shaardra and shes a dwarven trans woman of color!
one of my favorite literary characters has just been revealed to be asexual, god has smiled upon us this day.
one of my first memories was stuffing napkins into my little league jock strap to stimulate a diaper and i had no fucking clue why i was doing it.
one of my professors talked about how he was preparing a speech about imperialist aggression towards our north korean brothers, and how there's never been any trustworthy sources of any kind of human right violations in north korea. he was dead serious about it.
one of the earlier versions of the macrobiotic diet that involved eating only brown rice and water has been linked to severe nutritional deficiencies and even death.
one of the great weaknesses of science is this mistaken idea that if an experiment contradicts the dominant theory, we should throw out the theory instead of the experiment.
one of the guys asked me about some perverted pony shit which i completely blanked because i simple wasnt interested. when the friend interrupted him and said in a sarcastic tone: hes a non-clopper. it was so insulting that i decided to leave early. havent met up with him since.
one of the lifestyle factors i'm particularly ashamed of is my compulsive masturbation marathon habit: i'll pick up some meth from an old friend, snort that shit and go to town on myself while compulsively downloading redtube vids. these marathons can take up to 72 hours and they seriously interfere with my work schedule and personal relationships.
one of the more peculiar facets of my journey through addiction is the joy i've taken in becoming welcome in the hood, not as 'white boy' but as 'my man [given name].'
one of the most radical and innovative tarot decks ive ever come across, the tarot of the silicon dawn is bold, sexy and queer as hell. its full of sci-fi references, racy space-encounters, alien bodies and genderqueering awesomeness, and features a bunch of additional cards, reinventing the traditional system of tarot.
one of the reasons gun rights in the u.s. are made universal is because it's an equalizer. if one class of people is allowed to have them an another is not, it allows one group to oppress another. the right to carry guns has been embraced by many minorities throughout u.s. history as a sign that they consider themselves on equal footing as their oppressors.
one of the uncommon problems we face is that sometimes the people we have to help us want to control us- here in the us we call them 'gatekeepers' since they will not open the gate to let us make progress until they want to&&newline<_< you are far better off to avoid these kinds.
one particularly obvious example was in the unfortunate shooting of trayvon martin by george zimmerman back in 2012. even when the facts emerged that trayvon was a very tall and mature looking 17 year old, media reports continued to publish a photo of the young man when he was 12. in comparison, they used a mug shot of george zimmerman taken 7 years earlier and continued to use that photo for weeks. neither photo was accurate and that did a
one rung up from these people were the furries. due to my experiences with creepy babyfurs talking about 'pawing' in their diapers (a euphemism for masturbation) i am especially unsettled by flesh and blood furries in fursuits. they are generally fine though and i didn't actually talk to any of them as they kept to their own panels and self.
one should always remember two truths: there is no such thing as a free lunch, and you can never hire someone to provide a service for you cheaper than you can do it yourself.
one summer i was employed as a salesman for cutco products; the owners of the 'double-d' edge and the super shears that can cut a penny to create a pig-tail. lifetime guarantee on sharpness. the boss left at summer's end, and i lost that job. fyi, i was very cautious with my samples of cutary [sic], and i do not have any intentions of harming myself or anyone else. my record is clean.
one thing dawned on me. if i needed to pee i would have to pull down the pantyhose and panties. there was no fly. of course i knew girls had to sit to pee. would i be forced to do that too?
one thing led to another, and when things began to get hot and heavy he bent his lips into my ear. my mind raced with excitement. here we go, an older guy - this was going to be amazing sexy talk, i just knew it! talk to me, goose! he whispered slowly and hotly: 'i have a hairy pooper, do you...liiike hairy poopers?'
one time i answered an ad on craigslist looking for someone to come over and dance and make out so i went and he said 'let's go down to the basement my kids are asleep' so i went down and we're making out and he says 'finger me' so i did and after a few minutes be says 'can you feel my hemorrhoid?' and i couldn't before but then i could but he was black and i didn't want to be racist so i kept fingering.
one time i was asked by one of my gay friends who my favorite gay porn star was. i had no clue and had to dig deep to remember a name. i really only masturbate to fat guys but thats something i cant admit. now i feel like i need to study normal gay porn just in case.
one time my mom kept texting me and i was like, i haven't gotten this much aggro since i played tank!! xd
one time when i was in the hospital i tried breaking into the nurse's station so i could use their computer, and another time i tried escaping so i could go online. (the night before i was losing it because i was missing a vgcw stream i was looking forward to.)
one way you can tell that burkett is a terf is that she calls the term terf a 'trans insult.' in fact, the term was coined by radical feminists who are not transphobic, to distinguish themselves from bigots. but terfs inevitably claim that the term is a trans slur and that they should be referred to simply as 'feminists.'
one: competition strangles the free enterprise system.  two: the world must continue to believe that as long as d. j. rockecenter owns everything, they are safe from destructive rivalries.  three: governments must continue to understand that as long as they do as d. j. rockecenter orders, they will have plenty of conflicts.
only a couple inches away from a 60 inch gut~! (also i got my gainer shake mix and tape measures in the mail! ive had like6000 calories worth of shake today, and donutsand popcorn.)
only an arbitrarily small percentage of boys and their sisters in the deekerverse are recognized as deekerians by their continuous devotion to their diapers. the rest of the world sees them as freaks, but they do not care.
order a big mac (either simply the sandwich, or the meal with fries and a soft drink, which is a good deal). do some minor tugging and rearranging so that the two all-beef patties are on the outside, and the three bun layers form a contiguous bread column in the middle of the sandwich. i call this sandwich 'reverse/rebirth' after the unlockable mode in kingdom hearts: chain of memories.
otherkin doesnt have to do with gender actually it's just identifying as a thing or fictional character, mostly for coping reasons
otherwise, slavery wasn't so bad. you could pick cotton, sing songs, be fed nice gruel, etc. the only real problem was that this relationship was compulsory.
our non-binary channel is now open! #enby
our occulted history: do the global elite conceal ancient aliens?
our gender is called into question as soon as we start exhibiting  behavior that is not white heteropatriarchy masculinity. this can be in  early childhood, adolescence, or adulthood.
our life together  it was like disney world. we ran carefree in this theme park we call life.
our mission is to make furry part of the twitter more safe: blocking furries who are transphobic, racist and generally really unpleasant
our new tres leches cake, made with a slice of vanilla sponge cake soaked in milk and topped with whipped frosting, is a game changer in the world of authentic mexican desserts.
our popular culture is one of pajama boy, mattress girl, and the whiny, nasal-toned young metrosexual with high-water pants above his ankles and horn-rimmed glasses who 'analyzes' on cable news.
our recent article on prepping with type 1 diabetes (t1d) was well-received, so heres some more food for thought (totally carb-free!) as you prepare for an insulin-dependent loved one.
our right to express ourselves without being viciously flamed is being threatened and this book brings this into the light. highly recommended.
our toy scholarships go to trans women and sex workers who can not afford toys normally @qt_toys
out status: boobs getting harder to hide >.<
out running my errands and just before i did i made a fresh pee pee in a fresh poo poo so i got to poop in my diaper and several peas and such a good boy
outside of that there is 0 feminine thought or feeling in me. i just always wanted breasts...not a vagina or long hair or pretty nails, just boobs. idk oerhaps its thw porn i always watched that later bored me and drifted me in to tg captions and porn thus leading to fascination and curiosity of developing tits without hormones and such that then lead me to natureday and pm.
overall, i didnt think arbys smokehouse turkey delivered enough bang for the buck. the ingredients tasted pretty good together but i was underwhelmed by the turkey and cheese, which are supposed to be the main draws of the sandwich.
overall, its safer with a horse than a human. horses have parasites, but they generally dont, like us. stds are only a risk if you share horses, and i dont do that. early on, an experienced zoophile friend took me under his wing and taught me something ill always remember: a horse is going to give you his butt before he will ever give you his head. horses kick.
overcoming the cotton ceiling: breaking down sexual barriers for queer trans women
oversize boobs: size of a watermelon or bigger
p sure the goons are upset because of my straight d communication style. i would wager that many of them are s/i or s/c styled, which makes sense.
please sign this petition so the kkk can be deemed a terrorist organization !!!
ppl really wont let black boys cry and they end up becoming angry self-emasculated misogynists as black men
professional slob, active 9gag user, don't be jelly of my micro penis.
psa that genderfluid, bigender, and gender-nutrual/void are all different and shouldnt be used interchangeably
pad is somewhat famous throughout the internet for wanting to become a  feminine pad, and recently came out about her decision to become a  woman. pad is huge supporter of lgbtq and women's rights. pad is a  liberal democrat, and is a disabled veteran of the u.s. navy. pad is a  feminist, and is pro choice.
palantir is not just selling security software. its developed an entire ethos borrowed from the lord of the rings in which its employees walk around saying they are going to save the shire.
paleo hamburger buns
paleo often gets a bad rap. and i have to admit, i used to think this diet trend (based on eating similar to our paleolithic ancestors) was ridiculous because i didnt truly understand it. today, i am proud to say i am, what i call, paleo-ish. here is what i mean by this and why i choose to eat this way.
palestinians, armenians and lots of other put-upon ethnic groups too, demand 'justice'. well, diplomacy,finance, and poker are alike in one respect: there ain't no justice, and you're barking at a stone wall to 'demand' it. pragmatism, expedience, and realpolitik guided by great principals rule the day.
pansexual and asexual are literally the easiest sexual orientations to understand this is unbelievable
pansexual is not synonymous with being gender-blind.
park chan wook should remake do the right thing with an all korean cast.
pat, 20, he/him/his but i'm not always a man.
patience is key. we all have a goal for our feedee.. but sometimes getting there takes time and patience. you cant get mad about slow weight gain. progress is all that matters.
pay normal attention when expressing your political opinions; violent and autocratic ideologies are generally not tolerated.
peanutbuttersquats: willing to acknowledge that cisfeminists are frequently whorephobic, but not that theyre frequently transmisogynistic.
pearl is always mad at amethyst because she was the one who led greg to rose, which made pearl lose rose
pearlkin from steven universe, for the positivity post? thank u friend
penises are for urinating and supplying sperm for reproduction, doesn't mean we urinate and fuck in public .. why should breast feeding be okay? fucking typical one sided feminist
penises are not inherently male just as vaginas are not inherently female.
people can't give up fetishes. a kink is something you enjoy, a fetish is something you require to get off, both mentally and physically.
people are so closeminded. this guy isn't hurting anyone by dressing up as madonna. i say break up with his narrow ass bf and keep doing what's he's doing. his mom need to open up to her son and love him for who he is. it's his happiness not yours.
people ask bones 'are you a girl or a boy' 'dammit i'm a doctor' *deathstares at them until they walk away
people believe that because you change your face, you cut the nose so youre already crazy, but the atrocities that we see in the world on a daily basis, as killings in the middle east, south america unscrupulous presidents who are not tattooed or modified go hand in suit and tie and abuse of the people, they dont criticize it.
people can be asexual and have sex. just because they enjoy the act doesn't mean they experience sexual attraction. they might enjoy sex without being attracted to anyone.
people had class and respect for themselves and others.
people here like to reduce everything to things like 'difference in opinion' 'we're just talking about you what's wrong with that'(fucking lol) but it's not about that. when you're being targeted by someone who has friends everywhere, who can spread shit about you and get claps on the back for doing so, and when you're chastised for saying anything back, it's actually pretty scary. it's not a matter of opinion, some people just seem to have
people like to forget that aro allosexuals exist
people on the asexual spectrum (which includes demisexuality) are often othered and sometimes even threatened. for example, some people refuse to believe that asexuality exists and insist it can be fixed through corrective rape.
people that think that the mujahadeen are responsible for anti-american terrorism are as about as dumb as people who think that an entire ethnicity are now terrorists because of a westerner talking in a video, yes.
people use to hate on lgbt people. but that's starting to change.&&newline<kevin> attacking people who are into pregnancy and vore is the exact same thing.&&newline<kevin> nothing but close minded bigotry.&&newline<kevin> and attacking someone for altering cartoons is literally the highest level of ignorance out there.
people who are attracted to trans women call an outie girldick for the same reason that terfs call us transwomen. the lack of space is meant to modify and indicate an essential difference.
people who think porn is wrong really need to think more about humanity
pepsi-glazed pork belly and country-ham-braised peanuts
perfectly plastic: katella has already undergone numerous surgical procedures in order to look like a blow-up doll but insists that she is only '80 per cent there'
perhaps the greatest reason boys are more resistant to toilet training is the diapers themselves. diapers are warm, thick, and soft. obviously are worn over the genitals and other erogenous areas of his body, such as his scrotum, his buttocks and his anus.
periodic reminder that if youve ever wished you could be a girl, you can just be a girl.
permitted activities include (but may not be limited to): housework, masturbation, light yardwork, shopping, and other such requisite indoor activities which may unavoidably require some physical effort.  the final say with unlisted activities lies with the feedees supervisor.
personally, i think that this movie should be shown to kids in high school, to help dispell the 'hurr dealing is da biglife yo' myth that are in some kids' heads.
pete.18. agender transmasculine. male pronouns. pansexual. panromantic.
peugeot is giving the food truck a sexy makeover
phil s., a nice surfer boy who was, literally, a nazi who kept a copy of mein kampf and did hitlerobics in front of said book. he tried to draw me into his dark world and i almost became a sucker for it.
phil should actually be proud of his italian heritage. italy gave us the renaissance, the best cuisine in the world, coffee, and pretty much laid the foundation for modern western culture. in comparison, latin america has contributed fuck &/or all to the world unless you count enchiladas, 22 varieties of black beans on rice and horrifying dictatorships as meaningful contributions to mankind.
physics major, communist, transfeminist, pansexual, loves to learn about anything. she/her. emily/lilith/katherine. alt account @archangellilith
physiologically, ostracism is indistinguishable from physical torture, particularly during the reproductive years [0]. sustained long enough, this can make people act in strange and unpredictable ways, as if in death throes. the elliot rodger case comes to mind.
pickled planet teams up with aralia alchemy to bring you these formulations combining the wonders of fermentation & herbal medicine.  nutrient dense & tonic herbs, along with medicinal spices, enhance the benefit of this alchemical food.  together we are taking food as medicine to the next level.
pictures and rambling of a queer femme princess. fatness encouraged. consent required.
piggy in need of extreme fattening and fucking by a dominant master. oink?
planeswalker enthusiast, magic fanboy, aspiring designer, student of communication at the university of oklahoma. (he/him/his or they/them/theirs)
playboy has always had decent non-nude content, but at this point 'i read it for the articles,' is more believable than anything else because who gives a shit about porn ('stunt' shoots with washed up stars notwithstanding, people get weird about their naked celebs). i'm just curious if this shift is a decade too late or perfectly timed. considering the magazine landscape, anything between those two times would've been foolish.
playboy published a really great article about the ridiculousness of terfs. im rather shocked. because, i dont know if you heard me, but playboy published an article defending twoc against terfs with pretty solid arguments.
please bring it back! friday night just isn't the zame. i want zome more!
please do not use gendered words to describe/call me such as but not limited to: girl, lady, miss.
please do yourself (& wife) a favor and talk to your wife about getting a vasectomy.
please go to www.involuntarycelibacy.com for more information.
please let me put this in simple words for you: your definition of transness includes, as a clause, agrees with my own political ideology regarding what transness is. incredible.
please read this section first please. just so you know i am a guy but i have always had this desire to have a pair of my own breasts. so i'm growing my boobs with herbal supplements, and they are growing. i hope you can be alright with that, if not thats fine. just if you have nothing good to say keep it to yourself and not waste my time
please reblog this post if you are an lgbt/queer identifying fan of mass effect or dragon age. especially if you are a content creator. i need good people to follow.
please refer to me w/ either they pronouns, or whichever i specifically request at a certain time. :)
please show kindness and respect to birds and other animals by not eating them or their eggs or drinking their milk. instead, discover the variety of all-vegetarian, vegan foods and cooking ideas.
please stop saying making fun of otherkin is ableist because its a coping mechanism for the mentally ill! like thanks for shitting on my spiritual beliefs and also outright saying that otherkin are all mentally ill and just faking it thanks
please stop sending emojis, or whatever theyre called to people. there are still people out there who dont want a computer in their pocket and its fucking annoying to be constantly interpreting what these empty boxes could possibly mean. remember this?:
please stop talking about moneycat on this post. shes awful and i dont want discussions of her on my post/notifications. also idk if moneycat ever stopped using she pronouns so im tagging this as misgendering (but i also dont really care just stop interacting with this old post).
please treat okcupid and tinder as humane societies and give some poor pussy or puppy a forever home, you selfish sluts.
please, let's not align the jfk conspiracy with the fake moon landing crowd and 9/11 'truthers', if for no other reason that there are some very legitimate questions generated by the science behind jfk's assassination (the bullet that got jfk is an actual million-to-one shot). in the case of the other two, you've got some very dubious theories based in a shitty understanding of physics, that when debunked by the real science of it, the common
politically, culturally, economically, and socially, many modern societies are flawed compared to ancient societies like that of sparta. modern america, for example, is oppressed by the nobility clause, does not have an explicit class-based society, and in many ways is governed and controlled by low class people given over to money. importantly, the institutions are designed to be vulgar and are beholden to lower class interests.
politics, science & tech @guardianus. @newstatesman alum. probably a slytherin. email me: kevin@guardian.co.uk
politics: how to smash capitalism (i currently identify as a marxist-leninist-maoist, but not orthodox about it - though, i dress more queer anarcho-punk/goth these days, i sometimes rock the chairman mao badge over my heart) , queer/transgender issues, direct action tactics for protests, smashing cispartiarchy.
pope said we must change our ways to save the the planet. he should also endorse bitcoin. i am not a theologian, but it feels like god would totally dig bitcoin.
popular bust up the armpits are refreshing, strong support, firmly support large bust ' asked lift type ' of the bra.
popularized by george takei on facebook, this is the original 'make it so' song set to the music of 'let it snow' written by lyricist sammy cahn and composer jule styne in july 1945.
porn creates unreasonable expectations against women just as romcoms create unreasonable expectations against men
porn is not inherently evil, it just needs improving. ideally, porn should be like horror movies - no one is getting hurt and most of it is special effects.
porn is your right, and it keeps women working for you.
portland beer: 6 must-visit new breweries in beervana
portugal, england and japan. what a world would that be! paradise on earth
post-human unbounded: artificial evolution and high-tech subcultures
postcapitalism is possible because of three major changes information technology has brought about in the past 25 years. first, it has reduced the need for work, blurred the edges between work and free time and loosened the relationship between work and wages.
powdered butter
powdered sour cream
praise my name! witness, bathed in the glory of my countenance! praise my name!
pray as you take inventory of your pantry.  pray as you do the meal planning.  pray before you go shopping.  pray while you are shopping.  ask god to redeem and make up what is lacking.
pre-prepared frozen beef slices, chunks or tips may be transformed into a variety of nationality dishes, such as russian, italian, mexican, hungarian and oriental.
preferred pronoun is the sound of a brick thru a window. orc witch queen of spiders and sigils. yr listening to radio free gender; 3s foreve-
pregnancy is a very dangerous time for cis-women. until cis-men are capable of nine months of pain without the ability to take painkillers, followed by hours of one of the most painful experiences a human can undergo, i agree with mila kunis.
pretty sure that me liking (or it would be more right to say, only being able to cum to) violent porn is tied to my mental illness and everyone giving me shit for it are basically ableist
prin-cess, not prin-cis
princip was a terrorist on the level of usama bin laden. he deserved death, far sooner than it came.
pro-transmasculine enslavement.
probably a succubus.&&newline<kevin> most definitely a cute communist weedlord.
probably my wettest dream is to form a 10 man team of the most hardass former spec ops/black ops and hunt down all the little commie pinkos,active or ex.(that includes uncle putin)
probably pig's blood, straight up coagulated and cut into cubes, rather than used in a broth or as a blood sausage base. not bad at all though. quite a bit like soft tofu in texture and really didn't have a 'bloody' flavor.
producing things in large quantities is kind of old hat and a thing of the past.
protesters: get educated, get a job, work, marry, raise a family, and read your bible.
protesting, meditating, beating up nazis, drawing, fuck the police marches, dying my hair, black blocking rich peoples' shit
protip: if youve ever wanted to be a girl, you can just be a girl
proudly keeping the memory of the ss alive, unsullied by those ignoramuses who leap to associate them with hitler for some reason.
psst: one of the most active areas of ultra-liberal activists is attacking science fiction authors. you should view statements attacking sci-fi authors as along the lines of someone posting a rachel maddow video.
psychosomatic ills such as arthritis, migraine, ulcers, allergies, asthma, coronary difficulties (psychosomatic -- about one third of all heart trouble cases), tendonitis, bursitis, paralysis (hysterical), eye trouble (non-pathological), have all responded as intended by the therapist, without failure in any case.
public service announcement:  if you are not a virgin do not presume to wear a white wedding dress.  it is an honor that is earned from chastity and virtue.  not a tradition for you to soil if you lacked the same.
pugs are pretty ugly and they make distressing noises when they try to breathe.
pulling german units away and exhausting both britain/us and germany was beneficial to stalin yes. however even with the knowledge that the uk/us did not have enough landing craft in 1941 to mount a full scale invasion stalin still wanted this. do you really think stalin gave a shit if the uk/us suceeded in their offensive? tell me, who would benefit more from a disaster at d-day. stalin or hitler.
pumpkin quinoa muffins
punk, like hippie, rapper, beatnik or whatever, means outsider. it means independent, diy, pluralistic, forward thinking. it also means someone who is marginalized.
pure raw foodists don't consume this product because it isn't technically raw, but the depth of flavor it adds to dishes remains crucial to many and is regularly incorporated in the diets of raw foodists as well as in most raw food restaurants.
put simply, my current goal is to gain up to 300 lbs. as of this writing my weight is at 287 lbs, meaning i want to put on thirteen pounds. not exactly a huge number, but im starting small to see how it feels.
queer is for anyone with a non-normative sexuality, degenerate orientation, or identity.
queerness is essentially about the rejection of a here and now and an insistence on potentiality for another world.
queers - not gays - are a protected class of super citizens in the new america. what an awful shame that a wonderful word, gay, has been so corrupted. we had that so apt description of social deviants, queers, and somehow it disappeared from the current vernacular.
quentin tarantino did nothing wrong
question is, are we all technically otherkin? each and every one of us is different from the other.
quinoa flakes, organic
quinoa flour
quinoa, which is technically a seed and not a grain, is widely considered fit to eat during passover. take advantage of this protein-rich, vegan, nut and gluten-free powerhouse by serving it as the base of a warm salad, packing it into stuffed peppers in place of rice, or tossing it with caramelized onions and toasted almonds for a satisfying side dish.
quinoarockmetalband
quirkyalone (kwur.kee.uh.lohn) n. adj. a person who enjoys being single (but is not opposed to being in a relationship) and generally prefers to be alone rather than date for the sake of being in a couple. with unique traits and an optimistic spirit; a sensibility that transcends relationship status.
quite the opposite: the more you do it, the less surprising the  sensations will come to feel, the less naughty it will feel, the less of  an accidental/bank-shot turn-on diapers will become.
quoisexualcannot distinguish between sexual and romantic feelings.
reblog if it's okay to draw sexy / nude fan art of your oc
raavynn digital&&newline<kevin> #nsfw. angry agender (they). professionally nude/cute. pro-dominant. obnoxious sjw. film student--i wanna make ethical porn. booking: digitalraavynn@gmail.com&&newline<kevin> portland, or metro area
racism would die in this country if the democrats would just let it.
racist black non-vegan: 'veganism is a white people problem'  nigger please... oppressing slaves out of greed is everyfuckingbody's problem.
racist too. what a shock from some pos terfs. i hope you get murdered in your sleep xoxo
radical feminists spend huge amounts of time and energy to go after trans women in a freakishly fetish like matter and have done so for like nearly six close to seven decades.
raising 4 little girls in a big city. we homeschool in a child led waldorf inspired way (it's possible!). we make most of our food at home and we are always in the kitchen! we are looking to inspire and be inspired by others.
rappers got me angry that's why i'm pissed (ha)
raw ice creams  (no ice cream maker required)
raw pad thai
raw vegan sushi rolls
raw celery smells so bad i've never been able to make myself try it, honestly. crunchy plus smelling like a yard waste dumpster? no thanks, i'm good.
raw milk - also from a small, private local family farm in nampa, id. i make weekly batches of yogurt and kefir with our milk. the results were very satisfactory! read more about why raw milk has superior health benefits to store-bought and pasteurized.
re: that post about christmas being cultural appropriation - do think cultural appropriation could even take place outside of capitalism? i don't think so.
reaching for a cigarette without thought is black magick. ordering drinks #4, 5, and 6 when you know you have to be up early and stated you were only going to have 2-- is black magick.
real life: my name's kevin, i'm an autistic 27 year old, and my favorite anime genres are shounen and shoujo.
real salt was the first healthy salt sold in america's health food stores, and we've been the best-selling brand ever since!
real talk, i think full communism would be a cruel joke perpetrated on the lumpen proletariat but market socialism is the way of the future and also inevitable.
real women have curves, but cartoon women have better ones. only disadvantage is shes not real. but neither is god, so it all evens out.
realised mra was still shitlib (egalitarian everywhere except in regards to race), so i dropped that and became a full-blown racist. all of this of course was supplemented by what i'd read/see on the news, as well as various statistics i would come across online. fancied myself as one of those intelligent racists.
really the tiny bit of popularity that libertarianism enjoys today is actually stalin's fault; if he hadn't done such a terrible fucking job as a leader of the world's premier communist nation then communism and socialism wouldn't be such huge boogeyman ideologies today among lower and middle-class people in capitalist nations.
realy? kkk cause i said it's fake and gay? sadly, kkk isn't present in my motherland. if it was, i would be in it for the lulz so i can piss on you and other moralfags. i can understand that you like them if your age spans between eleven and fifteen. however, if (not so sure) you are a proper human being, the logic escapes me. speed and thrash metal for fucking life bitch
reblog if you are an angel or a vessel of an angel and do not mind another angel following you. i am seeking family.
reblog if you think fanfiction is a legitimate form of creative writing.
reblogging for the night crowd. i was just gifted some night vale tarot cards, and if anyone wants, i can offer readings in return for funds.
recently i have been studying life sources and reactions in plants. i have gained data now which, on preliminary look, indicates that a plant becomes ill only pursuant to a series of shocks which make 'it decide' it cannot survive. only after that does it 'cooperate' with a disease. up to that time it cannot seem to get ill....&&newline<kevin> this bears itself out in human beings more obviously than in plants. illness follows postulates to die.
recipe: vegan coconut-oat pancakes
reddit is a place for intellectual gentlemen to put their minds together. please disregard the trolls. true redditors like me (mod of /r/spacedicks and gilded mastermind) only wish to appreciate the best of youtube, such as your video.
reddit is good for discussing really specific shit with other people doing it, like sous vide cooking or organizing white power rallies. it's a fucking terrible place to discuss gaming, especially when it comes to hardware.
reddit users are typically much better informed than the anchors of msm networks so the questions were pretty tough.
redpill me on china and how it socialist states have always wanted to integrate themselves into the capitalist system rather than serve any real revolutionary purpose.
regarding the ask about crushes being normal whilst in a relationship: i found your answer troubling. what if this person is poly* and doesn't have the words to put to their feelings? what if that glass door shouldn't be closed, but talked about openly with their partner and maybe removed from its hinges?
regardless of the reasons why the gold and silver standard were gone, we need the gold and silver standard back!!!!! all that money is fiat we use today, although we only still use it because we need it to survive but has no real value...and bring back united states notes that benefit the ppl of the usa!!?
regardless of what others think, i wear sky-high pumps everywhere because they make me feel on top of the world!
regular show:mordecai and rigby have real nigga problems.
remember kids, terfs dont count as real people so killing them isnt really murder.
remember when cisfeminists argue that only cisfeminine politicians face constant and ridiculously petty critiques over every aspect of their appearance? this feminist does, and you guys are making me ashamed to be left wing. it appears my newest follower may be a hack.
remember when games were tough? return to the golden age of arcades with an all-new hardcore action experience that pulls no punches. volgarr the viking possesses all the hallmarks of the true classics - simple controls, high challenge, and meticulous design - combined with hand-made pixel animation, an epic soundtrack, and buckets of blood. flex your gaming muscles and step into the arena with volgarr the viking. we dare you.
remember you have to be an ally within the community, too. shoutout to all our lesbian, gay, trans, ace, pan, demi, aro, fluid, and other family.
remember, if the man looks like a horrible piece of human garbage for a specific kind of behavior, so do women. it like nails on a chalkboard for me when i read stories about decent men who fall for women because he likes her sassiness, which is really a code word for verbally abusive.
removing the international jew from the fatherland. what of it. a lot of the removal was just deporting them to palestine with whatever personal assets rather than throwing them into gas chambers and cramming 6 million of them into ovens that were really only big enough to fit 1 person. it was as they say no biggie.
remy martin in my glass that's how i've got class
repeal all labor laws, explicitly legalize sexual harassment, make unionizing illegal + bring back or start corporal punishment in the workplace. this will solve my labor problems though i expect ymmv.
requesting giant girls licking popsicles. but those popsicles are actually small guys with poles up their asses and their giant dicks are covered in frozen cum.
requiring dysphoria, especially genital dysphoria, implies women cannot happily have penises. men cannot happily have vaginas. non-binary people cannot happily exist ever, due to how society dictates and enforces the binary.
rescued dairy cow hides newborn because she thinks all humans steal calves&&newline<kevin> yo vegetarians pay attention this is what youre funding when you consume dairy
residential rehab programs are one thing, but halfway houses are traps.&&newline<kevin> and not the bailey jay, fun kind.
respect all people - human and non-human - by using gendered pronouns appropriately.
rest stops on highways are liminal spaces where the veil is thin and nobody can tell me differently
rice is indispensable, and should be cooked in that particularly delectable fashion of which the oriental peoples alone are past masters.
richard nixon was badass and was hounded out by a deep state conspiracy because they didn't like him helping the country at their expense
right now in ireland, the nuns who enslaved many thousands in the magdalene laundries are trying to once again suppress whores, this time via the odious swedish model.
right now we are only giving away toys that have some faults in them until we get more for our patreon https://www.patreon.com/qttoys  @qt_toys
right now, this past week with everything that is going on, i feel very much like the jews must have felt in the very beginning of the nazi germany takeover.&&newline<kevin> i mean i do feel that way, like there is a concerted effort to wipe people like me out, to wipe out my heritage and to erase the truths of history.
right there is the crux of what sharpton, jackson, and farrakhan all want: no more whitey.&&newline<kevin> and if you want to see what happens when black people get to control everything just take a look at detroit and south africa. yes, apartheid was a terrible thing, but look at the difference between south africa during and after apartheid. south africa used to be a beautiful country and now its a shit hole.
right, but, if somebody said that they think sonic is better than mario i'm allowed to say that they're wrong, so why can't i say that somebody's wrong if they're talking about wearing clothes?
right. meaning the using of the teeth, right?
rin from katawa shoujo. shes so good its criminal.† stocking from panty & stocking. naughty goth loli eating sweets.† marceline. shes 2cool4school. pleinair from the disgaea series. she never speaks. so kawaii.
rip out their throats and tear them apart. prove to them what you really are.
roast turkey, candied yams, giant balloons and american football - what is thanksgiving day really all about?
rob reiner's stand by me, an adaption of stephen king's the body, is the essence of what childhood should be. children in the 50s/60s, both in the us and britain, spent their lives outdoors, having fun and exploring with friends. from that point on, it got progressively shittier.
roof arsebogger considered himself the ace reporter of the tolnep midnight fang. even among news media of other systems, the fang was envied as the very epitome of inaccuracy, corruption, and biased news. it always printed exactly what the government wanted even while pretending to be antigovernment. and roof arsebogger enjoyed the reputation of being the most poisonous reporter on a staff that specialized in them.
rosa labs are operating at or above the level of any other food producing company in america, it's just that there isn't a fucking r/generalmills to talk about every time someone got sick from a bag of fucking cereal. no where else do people talk about their bad experiences with food, no where else does everyone band together to bitch about the company, except for here. this is a unique subculture to soylent.
roselen lightly grasped bonnies shaft and began stroking when she heard bonnie gagging out no into her neck.
scientology run the plannet illuminati is actually level 666 off the scientology book he is called ** god illuminate ** and his soldiers which ar the people of the new world order as in ranked illuminati soldiers bow down to god illuminate now you all know it cost me and my father warren buffet 5 billion to get to level 666 scientology run the plannet iluminati is you the soldier who is a descendent to god illuminate you must bow to illuminate
screams indigenous futurism is my genre this is so amazing oh my fucking god signal boost the new deadline!!!
shit im so excited to move into my apartment please @ god don;t fuck this up for me
sjw's 'trigger' me. okay, not really. but for real. i, as a cis able white straight male, am legit scared of college. i'm 15, and feel i'll be bullied if i attend a college/university campus by sjw's who'll turn around and cry victim if i say anything about it. should i be? should i even go?
sjw: you can't be against the ferguson protests because the kkk is and if you're not with us you're with the kkk and you're a racist. me: if you defend the us constitution that means you also have to defend hammurabi's code because the latter influenced the former and that means you have to support slavery and you can beat the shit out of a pregnant woman until she loses her baby and then just pay her ten shekels.
someone in the utmaf skype chat was like 'do you think obama has kinks' and someone else left im fuckginfggnffgbfg
sonic's arms are not blue, and they seriously cause sensory overloads in me!!! sega needs to recall everything sonic boom and change sonic's arm colour back immediately!!!
starship troopers  an unintentionally great film advertisement for fascism
stop!!! you are so terrible i can't stand it. weird al you need to stop, how embarrassing you're a racist and the way you pretend with these interviews (editing) is the worst acting and i'm sure you script it all too. how have your friends/coworkers not told you to put a gun to your head and pull the trigger. i hate people like you-please die
sakuya le bel shirogane is the coolest. his lovely fan tail and aristocratic manners are without equal.
same thing happens with diapers - diapers are massively cheaper in norway than in e.g. russia. so if you're russian, come to norway and stock up on diapers; only buy pork before christmas, otherwise it's chaper in sweden. be sure to observe customs regulations though- filling up a white van with only diapers for the whole neighborhood is not a good idea.
sasuke uchiha is an awesome role model to look up and to have to help a goal. i am very excited about my cosplay, and its only a natural and i can't hold it in sometimes. it's human nature... i know who i am --- i happy i got to where i got because sasuke motivated me to where i got today. that would've not been possible otherwise.
saying 'trans women once had male privilege' is to attack trans women by accusing them of being oppressors of cis women. that argument is always transmisogyny, without exception.
saying that a dysphoric nonbinary persons wishes for transition arent naturally possible does nothing to stop us from having that kind of dysphoria.
saying that you admire a fat womans confidence, but not her appearance or fashion sense can be pretty hurtful. you are essentially saying that if you looked like that, you would not be confident.
scientists tell you that homo sapiens have existed for 200,000 years. take out microsoft excel. enter 0.6 into cell a1. enter 6000 into cell a2. now enter a formula '=(1+a1/100)^a2' into cell a3. the result will show you that at a growth of 0.6% a year for 6,000 years, humanity would have a population of 3.87 quadrillion. for this reason, evolution is impossible.
scientologist. it's official (according to the supreme court): scientology is a religion
scientology is a science of life. it is the first entirely western effort to understand life. all earlier efforts came from asia or eastern europe. and they failed.... scientology is something new under the sun, but young as it is, it is still the only completely and thoroughly tested and validated science of existence.
scientology seems oddly preoccupied with turning everyone it touches into shinji ikari.
scientology, in less than a decade, has become the world's primary study of man and the mind and has today more offices and practitioners than all other nineteenth century practices combined. thus we must learn to bury the past of mental healing and look forward to our better day, the day of scientology and new hope, the day of help without threat or harm, the day of a new and better civilization, born with the birth of a better understanding
screw emmett till. when these whiners start lamenting people such as christopher newsom and channon christian or any of the other multitudes of whites brutalized by blacks we can talk but otherwise...fu.
scrotal flesh grows taut for a moment as your balls expand to simply ridiculous proportions. far larger than you, these grand balls could probably get caught in a door or hallway that you would normally be able to pass easily in to.
season four of my little pony has been very good for rule 34.
second of all, japan is very accepting of non-religious people. third, i'm an atheist and i like anime.
second, after the ideal bishie i desire meets my conditions, he'll need to have to following items ready for the date with me!
second, if it were up to me, and i'm sure some folks would disagree, i'd just make morrowind's combat, melee, spells, and all, into a full on tab target hotbar mmo system with auto-attack.
second, sorry not sorry to say it again but het aces are queer if they want to call themselves queer. u disagree? too bad, apparently even the dictionary agrees with me.
secretly talking to journalists has to be one of the best ways to quickly reform such crooked police departments.
see that fire right there? that was the heat
see that kid stealin? (yeah) that was a thief
see them dudes behind him? (yeah) that's the police
see this date
see this date right here? (what) that's my release
see, if you were a proper stalinist then you'd be attacking the regime of deng xiaoping as being revisionist and for introducing the free market. this is just a lazy gimmick. at least fake the insanity of stalinists properly.
seems that bad dragon's owner is a serial rapist/abuser/acting zoophile. you've lost my business forever, scum.
self-marriage has four components becoming your own lover, best friend, and parent / child connecting with and committing to your deeper purpose uniting all the contradictory and conflicting aspects of yourself harmonizing your external relationships and circumstances 666!forever!666?
sent from my gt-i9505 using tapatalk
seperately, socialism inevitably seeks to protect domestic industry, it's fundamentally not conducive to trade.
seppuku is japanese for ritual suicide. i thought, what a cute name for a coat.
serious post: support for littles & daddies who have been kink-shamed
serious posting now but i would feel way worse about shooting a dog than a person tbqh.
serious work conversations for @collectqt include things like: are faeries and elves nonbinary?&&newline<kevin> the conclusion is yes.
seriously fucking hypocrites in this thread get all white knight against 'doxxing' someone by pointing out that they are gay (who fucking cares) or posting their ~real name~ god forbid. meanwhile the second a celebrity nude photo is released and literally every person in here looks up the picture and no one says shit about it.
seriously the dude is a creepy fucked up psycho and that's probably why the police had such a hate-on for him. i'm sure the documentary showed him in a better light, and i'm sure the police were corrupt as fuck, but i just can't feel the least bit sorry for this guy.
seriously, on a sheer economic basis sparta was more equitable than modern day, and, strict division of labor aside*, it'd probably be better, relative to men, to be a woman in the spartan elite than a woman today. (and yes, insert caveats about 'if you're one of the elite' here.)
seth rogan is at his hottest with a long-ass beard
seven: only what is good for d. j. rockecenter is good for everybody.&&newline<kevin> eight: d. j. rockecenter is the only family member that matters.&&newline<kevin> and nine: trust nobody.  i hereby faithfully swear to see that these policies are rammed down everybody's throat, so help me, rockecenter.
severing the penis without removing the testicles causes intense sexual frustration, since sexual urges and drive originate from the testicles but with no penis there is no way to satisfy them.
sex essentialism: terf patriarchy and smelly vaginas
sex is a construct, and its just as artificially enforced as gender, if not more so. but like, even the concept of true biosex is like, basically you telling me that im really a man.
sex-segregated public restrooms are an outdated relic of victorian paternalism
sexual desire and activity are a fundamental human need. to criminalise those who are unable or unwilling to fulfil that need through more traditionally recognised means and thus purchase sex, may amount to a violation of the right to privacy and undermine the rights to free expression and health.
sexual feeling has been depressed by several things amounting to a major impasse. to cure ulcers of the stomach i was given testosterone and stilbesterol. these reduced my libido to nothing...
sexually i'm female, as i can't get stimulated unless i first imagine myself as a girl. and it has always been like that and always will. that i know. but when it comes to imagining myself as a woman in the future just doing normal stuff i'm not really sure i want that. at least i don't really care.
shahid: where do you hope to see the nation in 20 years? kevin: i would like to see a country that has decentralized some power back to the states, that is on a sustainable fiscal path (with a balanced budget and lower overall tax burden), that has renewed economic growth and where individuals have rediscovered the power of local governance, instead of asking their congressman...
shaved, smooth and slim. large shaved cock, balls, and ass. huge anus... into fisting, footing, huge insertions, anus stretching, penis pumping, bareback fucking, pissing and watersports, outdoor sex, and always enjoy insertions in my cock and getting fucked in my penis too... everything but scat. love big bare cocks in my ass and mouth both pissing and cumming... and yes, i swallow. the bigger a guy's penis the better, and always love a monste
she always measures me, and i love to hear of the developments since my last visit with her. i am so mentally aroused as my breasts are measured.
she blew me in front of a lesbian and another guy
she brought me to her house and i put it in her pie
she had convinced him, she wanted to see it, and him too, how his belly fat grew. his fear and resistance melted, as his fat belly ballooned and seeing her get wet and horny at his fattening. he knew it was going to be ok, he would get quite fat, as he knew that he could not stop gaining when his growing fat would make her horny.
she is a woman, no debate and that's that. and to be honest fam, i kinda like traps.
she is violating this by discouraging me into not finding a guy -- this is a violation of my civil rights, simple as that --- and fuck her motherly concerns about my safety, she is getting way too over-protective i am almost 24 years old and can handle myself pretty well on the streets of philadelphia.
she knew very well how she felt about jonnie. if anything happened to jonnie she would throw herself off the cliff where they sometimes herded wild cattle to their death, an easy way to kill them. life without jonnie goodboy tyler would not only not be worth living, it would be completely unbearable. maybe jonnie did care about her after all.
she moaned softly and shifted her hips closer to cani's face as he began  to lick her prominent clitoris. it was large enough to be easily found  and played with, but nowhere near unnatural or excessive.
she suggested a simple way to support trans women, telling me this is an easy question: show up to vote on election day and vote for the democrat!
she was favored to win, and she got schlonged, she lost.
she was stood there naked and kevin was not turned on, that was his mummy and he loved her.
she. transgender goat demon irl. god is dead. men are lies. death to capitalism. castration is magic. cn: sexual assault, abuse, mental illness, politics.
sherman ordered the burning of every building in atlanta except the hospitals and churches. of the ~3,000-5,000 buildings in atlanta when he captured the city, 400 remained when the smoke cleared. the march to the sea continued this practice until reaching savannah. maybe you should stop posting about stuff you clearly know nothing about.
shit, poison was the gateway to tons of tranny chasers, they should be damn grateful poison was created. they also forgot poison is a reformed villainess who has gone legit as a respected wrestling promoter, so she's currently a hero who began as a villain.
shots of whiskey and bottles of molson dry
should i tell my parents or hide this secret from them? i`m looking at this hot anime babe in her bra and panties and i`m hard as heck! but is this a sin?
shout out to the genderfluid cosplayers
shoutout to all those blogs that post otherkin positivity or kin confessions, self-care posts, recipes, music, all of it. thank you so much for giving the community great resources for anything and everything. you all rock.
shoutout to the male luke
show your tiny dick is the only place for real small penis humiliation, ridicule, sph cams, judging and public display of that thing you call a penis. go ahead show your cock, submit your dick but always expect the truth. this is the epicenter of small penis humiliation, sph pics & more!
show me a more succesful democracy and ill show you how your wrong. i know its cool, hip to shit talk america. but your really on the losing team in that argument. feel free to point out what america has done wrong but by most measures they are #1
shrek is a he-ogre and wears men's clothing at all times. fiona is a she-ogre and wears ladies' clothing. they are heterosexuals.
shut the front door people. paleo cinnamon apple-butter doughnut with dairy free maple-nut butter caramel. ridiculous. delicious.
silicon valley represents another thing feminism 3.0 absolutely cannot have. a pure meritocracy where the same scrawny, nerdy virgins they were friendzoning in highschool are suddenly putting their brains to good use and making big money, and women aren't getting any of it.
since i was young and all through high school, i wanted to be a girl and undergo a sex change. but once i started college, i realized one thing: i'd have to go through life as an adult female. life as a child looked better as a girl, but as an adult, i realized my life wouldn't be much different. i'd most likely have the same job, the same responsibilities, and the same social activities.
since im on gaps, i eat bone broth every day. bones are an incredibly economic way to get a lot of nutrition for very little.
since society has decided that i am worthy of a voice, heres what i have to say: stop listening to me. turn your attention towards twitter, blogs, and the verbal accounts of those who are hurting anywhere for whatever reason. stop wasting time getting my sexs privileged-ass opinion on anything. listen to those actually fighting and hurting instead.
since the normal relationship  between a parent and their child is one of ownership and thus of  domination and submission on the most intimate level, the wiles through  which children survive this end up becoming the habitual methods they  use to interact with the world, a network of defense mechanisms that  wilhelm reich has referred to as character armoring.
since we're back in condom land chat, i had one break on me this weekend. now i've had them fall off before, entirely back before i started using trojan magnums, but is a break normally like my dick exploded through the end of the condom alien from a stomach style? we've been having sex from half hour to an hour of straight fucking, and reapply lube occasionally. we both like it when it hurts some though, so are probably relubing a bit later
sitting toilets are the next bane of modern civilization, after padded chairs and engineered hyper-palatable foods.
skinny shaming sucks  fat discrimination is worse
slash welfare. get rid of underclass rule by abolishing the welfare system, or, short of abolition, severely cutting and restricting it. abolish racial or group privileges. abolish affirmative action, set aside racial quotas, etc., and point out that the root of such quotas is the entire 'civil rights' structure, which tramples on the property rights of every american.
sluts are a strange amalgam of genetic, environmental, and gray area influences. hormones are a good example of a gray area somewhere between the environment and genes which shapes character. while ive no hard evidence, id bet that sluts release less oxytocin than normal women do during lovemaking, which means the hard slut is less likely to emotionally bond when shes spermally bonded.
smilin' at every sexy bitch that's walkin by
smooth fabric pretty and room for a maxipad.and my male bulge.
snacknado ice cream: salted caramel flavored ice cream with chocolate-covered potato chips, pretzels, candy pieces, chocolate fudge and salted pretzel ribbon, price varies by size and location
snakes have two penis.
snowden actively defended domestic surveilence and the like as necessary right up until obama was elected and then all of a sudden it was something that needed to be leaked.
so hitler was a racist -- but a very mixed-up one -- just as modern-day leftists are -- who support racial preferences (affirmative action) but still say they are anti-racist! the big failure for both hitler and the modern-day left is an inability to treat people as individuals. they cannot even think about others except by lumping them into huge and simplistic categories.
so i eat mostly total crap. i don't eat vegetables at all except potatoes and occasionally corn. i have never tried broccoli. i rarely eat any fruit. my diet is entirely almost entirely grains and meat.
so i found my bf from canon and we dated but recently he dumped me. its honestly fucked me up. i always thought we were meant to be but...apparently not. i can't bring myself to talk to him and i'm afraid our canon will be ruined for me now.
so i had my first doctors appointment on monday with my pcp and my social worker.  on the positive front, the sw says that i am not crazy (although mommie wants a second opinion *giggles*).  as for my pcp, she was doing my medical history and with my issues, it took a long time lol.
so i hear that some people  believe that being a brony is gay. i told pyro, sparkup, and merlin  this. they didn't like what i said. people should know that not only are  us bronies artistic, some bronies are in the military, trained to kill.  some of us, like me, also have very sharp katanas lying around. so, if  you have a problem with the idea of older people watching my little pony  friendship is magic, this sword is ready.
so i just found this blog and am in love with it. i'm a furry as well and all these butt hurt people just make laugh too much. this is a great and wonderous thing you're doing. also that rommel guy is just too fucking funny. by the sound of his facebook posts i'm pretty sure he fucks his dog. i hope that dog stays far away from him and finds a better home somewhere.
so i live with a gay guy, a pan  girl, and two straight girls. and i'm a panrom ace. it's always  interesting to watch things with them because they all end up shipping  people (usually sexually) and i am always like 'why can't they stay  platonic?' i always thought everyone else was just sex obsessed, it  turns out i'm the 'weird' one! just wanted to share an anecdote.
so i punched him in the face. man, what a fag! cpl. marcus dent, ny
so i spent alot of time sitting around the apartment, reading and rereading homestuck, smoking weed, playing pokemon, and dressing up in womens clothes. they were all coping mechanisms to push aside things i didnt want to deal with: the fact that i wasn't getting anything out of this grad school experience, and my gender identity.
so i started actually researching many of david dukes wild claims that jews were behind much of the world's ills.  and lo and behold, every f**king time i researched an issue, i ultimately found the hand of the jew at work.  that's why it's so easy for me to predict jewish behavior.
so i was talking to a therapist and she said fetishsizing is used for non human objects usually women's underpants. and she showed me the definition in the book and everything. not saying it's okay to see asian girls or any girls as sex objects
so i went to a nutritionist, and it was a waste of time. they just basically give you a list of things to try, saying, 'oh, you're a vegetarian; you should try this, this, and this.' and of course i'm not going to try any of those. i like pizza.
so i whip around and sure enough there's the smuggest looking long-haired 20-something i've ever seen in my life. if you could only have seen his face, i would have puked if it weren't for my training and experience in war zones.
so i'm trying to read up on the gender debate. at the moment i have men on strike and the myth of male power, and on the other side i am reading the wife drought and i have some academic text called feminist thought.
so i'm writing a vampire book and realized that there are a lot of strong parallels between irl racial discrimination and the discrimination against vamps i've written. i'm white but i no longer feel comfortable having my main character as white because it feels a bit like trying to claim reverse racism in this political climate.
so mommie made a very valid point the other day saying that if i am serious about this, i have to learn to live as an adult female as well. i hadn't really thought about that until she mentioned it, but she is right.  most of my experience as a female, with some exceptions, has been as a little.  and while my little side will never go away, i do have to learn to embrace my adult side as well.
so a bit tmi but i remember once trying to break the world recor, i think i did 26 in a single day
so a root of my anxiety re my #actualprophet stuff is mainly a fear of being mocked as a delusional crazy person, and said mocking leading to my being stuck in an institution for the rest of my life.
so do you sleep with your confederate flag, or just cover your car in little ones
so glad that this shit series is over with and likely the last time ever that senile old man tomino will ever direct a gundam series or anything ever.
so glad to find someone else, course there are alot of us out there that want the breasts but want to stay male....good job on your growth...
so here's what i think.  zoe quinn's piercings have made her the ugliest person ever to exist.  and if she just took out her piercings, there would be no more gamergate.
so hey guys, how about we stop talking about underaged robot vaginas?
so if we can love and embrace a god who is trans, why do we have such a hard time with those similarly created in god's image?
so in essence, i once was incel just like you, but over time have come to accept my single status as the best way to live out whatever life i may have left on this earth.?
so lately ive been noticing a lot of support chubby/fat trans post going around where theyre drawn well.. skinny??? or at the most ~curvy~, which isnt even chubby.  so i thought, hell, ill draw some real representation!
so long story short ive been going to church and most guys dont lift there or arent in very athletic shape, but today we got a new guy and when he went up to take the podium i felt sort of amogged (biceps wise).
so many of our social and political problems have been hashed out in sf novels for decades. they're the roadmaps to what we become.
so much 'lol' at all the people that are disturbed/distracted by anything remotely kinky in the game. and i guess 'playboys' are ok? rofl.
so much of the euro-american understanding of being trans (or anything other than 100% constantly identified with your assigned gender) focuses on discomfort.
so my mom was being a bitch again on the ride back from fuddruckers...big surprise
so on one hand i really want to wear stockings, tights, leggings, etc. they are extremely uncomfortable with hair. but on the other hand i know my legs look pretty sexy being as thin and hairy as they are. i'm worried that if i shave them i'll never feel comfortable going out in shorts again cause everyone will judge me plus i do genuinely think i'd probably look worse shaved anyhow. so ya i'm confuzzled.
so one of my friends was helping me out with finding my sexuality, because i was still questioning, and i found that the demiromantic and lithofraysexual qualities fit me to a t.
so that brings up another important note: i would like to keep the majority of function downstairs intact. i enjoy sex as a man and my daily life as a man but would want to be able to experience life in the opposite/different gender when i chose to do so.
so the greatest purchase ever for someone who is like me and hasn't started hormones....padded panties!  i love them!  they give me a great shape and i feel so femme with them on :)  i'll try to post some pics today if i can.
so the other night we were playing never have i ever and on my turn i said never have i ever wanted to screw someone and everyone put a finger down but me and my girlfriend.   and my other friend called me an asshole and i said, no, im an acehole and i think thats the best pun ive ever made in my life.
so the possibility of an armed standoff makes these protestors less acceptable than established protest communities that regularly cause real damage to property? man, guns must be really scary to some people.
so there is a kickstarter for a meat drying fridge : https://www.kickstarter.com/project...ge-steak-fridge
so there we have it. frida kahlo, selfie goddess slash elite appropriator.
so to that end, i did some shopping this week and bought a whole new wardrobe for adult angel.  i will start by staying dressed in adult mode at home and see how that goes and take things from there.
so today i bought an aquarium pump at petco. it's some cheap penn-plax battery-powered unit. it works fine, no leakage or lack of pressure, but before i stick it up my ass i wanted to know if anyone else here has done something similair and if anybody has some kind of rudimentary guidelines for this (i already get the whole 'if it hurts, turn it off' thing, i mean, that's just common knowledge).
so trans women have a right to talk shit on cis women as much as they want to and cis women will just have to shut up because they are privileged.
so uhproblem.since going to the gym i lost 4 inchesand iv lost 7 pounds. this is not cool. i want my fat back. i went to the gym to get more muscle so i could carry myself better in the future but of course losing a couple pounds comes with the territory. ill get it back.
so we leave florida tomorrow and there are 6 beers and 19 eggs that need to find a home well i think i have a big round squishy one for them all right here.
so we use pisspots.
so what if john green is a pedophile or likes younger girls hes married hes not gonna do anything he would never cheat on his wife so why are you guys so upset
so when i was younger i had this thing about wanting to fall under someone's power, to be abducted, to be killed. i used to get into a lot of strange guys' cars. sometimes more like hitchhiking, sometimes more like hustling, though i never took money, though goddamn i *should* have gotten paid for some of this.
so yeah anyway, well, pump it down with one or both of my hands at the moment until i feel, until i feel the sensation... where i feel i'm about to lose it, and then it all, it all just the stuff, yeah, yeah, some of my semen comes out. i don't - i don't like to make a mess, so i-... so i-- when i come i have a clean plastic cup by my side and i just make sure to put all of my semen in the cup there.
so yeah, you have to grow up and put some money down, else you deserve to get crushed. you ever heard of the free market? our whole system, our whole world operates on the concepts of power disparity. the poor have less impact. maybe there's some bad results from that but overall it works.
so you can put the savior on a cross for merely insulting people but, a murderer can be given the opportunity to repent? well, okay. how many times is allowed to repent beforr it becomes obvious how to deal with them once and for all?
so you like diapers too, huh? thick, crunchy, soft, fluffy, padded, diapers right? yup. i know them feelz. im pullups247 and im here to share my kinky art with the abdl community. my goal is to bring a more alternative style of art and manga to adult babys and diaper lovers online. trippy/punk/goth/rave stuff yha know? i also do normal hentai but not much. i hope to one day make the first abdl anime ever. let me know if you have any thoughts
so you want to compensate for your insecurity regarding your masculinity and parenting by denying my identity?
so you're a girl gets off on being put down and degraded during sex? congrats, you're the average girl.&&newline<kevin> if you like roleplaying as a 'boy' who is a 'sissy', then it probably adds to the degradation. what is more degrading to you than some guy/girl treating you like a degenerate and a toy?
so, i'm a little confused. i.. it's weird. in the past, i've had romantic attraction to just, any guy. but now, i only have romantic and sexual attraction to one guy that i am extremely connected with, but above all, i'm still straight. help
so, i've had a few people ask to buy photos of my paws (feet) lately.
so, a review. the matrix is quite plainly a story about coming out as trans. neo is more or less the archetypical trans woman in every way except being described as a trans woman.
so, about once a week i try to take a peak out of the reddit bubble to see what is going on in other media sources. i figure why not get the most biased from each side. so i listen, in podcast form, to alex jones and rachel maddow back to back, i guess you could consider me a regular listener of both. i balance out the crazy, i can only imagine the type of person who only listens to one of the two...
so, dont welcome me to your garden-variety cis misogyny when ive been crawling through the trenches of transmisogyny for decades trying to hold on to my womanhood for dear life.
so, if you were confronted with a trans male would he be a traitor to your 'womanhood' would he be fetishizing the male sex? would he be especially be fetishizing the male sex if he chose a name like josh or grayson or a 20-30 yr old male name when transitioning at 65? or would you consider them abusing female privilege by becoming a male?
so, in post-cinematic media as authoritative, namely, the iraq troop surge.
so, my profile has a pretty in-depth bio of me so feel free to read up on that if you're looking for any info on my personal life although i'm always open to other questions if you feel there's more you'd like to know (i'm fairly open about my life when i can remain semi anonymous online) but i'll admit i'm terrible at quick responses so please don't get upset if you don't hear back from me right away.
so, objectively, you are smv 8 and she is smv 7. however, you've got wife goggles on. even though 7 is her open market value, maybe you rank her as a 9. she's getting two points of sr from your 'oneitis' in trp parlance or your 'wife goggles' in mrp parlance. her smv is 7. her sr (to you) is 9.
so, what do i think of hillary? i think she's fucking awesome. is she in bed with wall street? goddammit, i should hope so! you've got to dance with the devil. so which of the horrible people do you want? that's more of the question. do you want a pompous braggart who doesn't know anything about diplomacy? or do you want a badass bitch who knows
so, when my pick-up lines prove unsuccessful at the bar, it's nice to know that i'll always have someone to snuggle up with when i get home. it won't complain about being unsatisfied, or question why her memory of the last six hours is so foggy, and it doesn't threaten to call the cops if i don't give her cab fare for the ride home.
social justice warriors have plagued mankind for more than 150 years, but only in the last 30 years has their ideology become dominant in the west. having invaded one institution of the cultural high ground after another, from corporations and churches to video games and government, there is nowhere that remains entirely free of their intolerant thought and speech policing.
social justice warriors strike again. people have to be responsible for themselves. end of.
socialism is the distribution of government resources for the good of the commons, hope that helps.
sodomy dog's furry pack
some college nader voters died in iraq 4 years later as a direct result of their bad vote. no morality necessary
some fish are not meant to be eaten according to what the bible says and i think this one including the pollock are one of them. since when since time began did we as people around the world depended on very deep sea and ocean dwellers to eat? we can only eat those that are already provided for us like salmon and those that are locally harvested.
some of my vanilla interests: renaissance faires, anime/sci-fi/comic/horror conventions, d&d, musical theatre, picnics, zoos, board game nights, movie marathons, amusement parks, photography, candle lit home made dinners, cuddling, raiding thrift stores, writing, reading and walking the beach.
some of the language used in marxism evokes and utilizes strong imagery, either to demonize or victimize groups of people. i find that to be prejudicial.
some people mistakenly believe that an individual is born a homosexual and his attraction to those of the same sex is normal. because extensive tests have shown that there is no biological difference between homosexuals and others, these tests seem to prove that homosexuality is a learned behaviour. the bible teaches that homosexuality is sin. in old testament times, god commanded that homosexuals be put to death. since god never commanded
some women have beards; it is perfectly acceptable, or should be, and doesn't require shaving.
some women want to be house wives and some women want to be harvard professors and some women want to be porn stars and some women want to be nuns and some women want to be surgeons and there is nothing wrong with anyones profession i am sick of people being rude to women about their professions oh my god
somebody called†weregerbil†tagged the†talking cat†article with 'notability' and 'unsourced' tags, sticking a great big box on the top of the whole thing. i'm a bit boggled, myself, as the†source†is the darned video itself! how are you supposed to report on a semi-influential internet meme if that's not proper? not everything's going to be as obvious as†all your base, but 'oh don piano' is hardly obscure.
someone i previously thought sane liked a picture on fb today of†jeffrey dahmer†next to a giant bong made of snow. i had never heard the name before. the guys behind dexter and breaking bad have definitely read up on this guy.
someone could come in this thread and type 4000 words. 3995 of them could the the best point on the planet but those last 5 were racist so the other 3995 don't count.
someone once told me ...that during sex the penis is detached from the body and goes inside vagina and that penis turns into a baby ...........and a new one regenerates. ..i thought it was true for a very long time
someone once told me that i was a good person because im sapiosexual and dont judge people based on gender or looks. im sorry, but my sexuality doesnt make me a good person. thats just what im attracted to. does that mean a heterosexual is a bad person? no.
someone should convince me to eat as much nutella as i can before bed.
someone should really help me with my term paper and send me articles on cultural appropriation. i need sources, my teacher says tumblr dont count.
someone should tell glenn that homosexuality is a deadly perversion. russia is suffering a severe demographic problem and homosexuals are part of it. the russians were mostly killed by their commie masters but demography is a problem for them nevertheless.
someone who is a cis woman should, right now and not in hypothetical land, be able to shut down anyone who says shit about her wearing a dress with, 'i am a woman.' that will work, right now, just about anywhere in the united states.
something about this raises a question to me - namely (just out of curiosity), what's isis's manner of crucifixion? it doesn't look like they're  people to crosses, just tying and hanging them on them (which i'd presume would still be harmful, based on what i've read of crucifixion).
something really bugs me about straight male actors talking about shipping and they make jokes if their character is the bottom that they would obviously be the top. as if its somewhat bad if they were the one to receive, as if it makes them less of a man or as if its an insult that they would be considered not a top or the dominant one
sometime during all of this i became naked, locked all of our cats in the room with me and began 'texture raping' their fur. this made me immensely hard, yet a holy cosmic horniness rather the intense and lovely, but more prosaic and slightly sadistic/domineering horniness of strong dopaminergics cocaine, methamphetamine, mephedrone, ect. i began rubbing my dick all over the cats to 'make love to the softness'. strangely enough, t
sometimes i see these men with have really fit girlfriends. they totally dont follow the ladder theory. anyway, i wonder how they cope? because even if the man is rich, surely that doesn't ensure that the girl stays with you. after all, i would dump an uglier rich girl for a poor one i think is better looking or who i connect with more.
sometimes i would want to touch her shoulder or back, feel her hair or give her a hug. i hold those urges back, because i care about her. and to keep myself from flying crazily off the handle at a random time, i keep my hormones in check at least twice a week by myself.
sometimes when i look at gaining before/after photos, i notice the eyes look a little sleepier in the after picture. maybe its just due to the fatter face, but still, i love the idea of an active girl growing sluggish and mellow as she gains weight, sort of like a permanent food coma. ive heard that this effect does actually happen to some people, but frustratingly i cant seem to find the name for it (any ideas?)
somewhere in washington federal bureaucrats are secretly drafting a plan to insure that every white male over the age of 18 who does not become publicly gay, or limit his sexuality to masturbation, or sex with women of other races, will find his way into some kind of federal prison.
songs with midi sample melody and japanese words
sooo, i decided to torture myself and show you what its like for me to go up and down a flight or two of stairs. you get to see how i look as i happily jiggle down them and also how i look trying to climb my way back up. how many times do you think i can go up and down before finally having to just sit down and take a breather? :p if you want to see a fatty in motion..as well as me getting out of breath and talking about how much i hate exer
sorry, i always seem to find myself defending disgusting people without intending to.
sounds like the history report of a 5th grade student... not to be offensive to 5th grade intellegiance, but the sentence structure and content of this article needs work to make it more 'encyclopedic'
south america in general has a lower cultural and educational level and that is a critical reason of its chronic problems! it's an undeniable fact. look at the media circuses set up by the chavistas, their statements, the crude language they use and the street thug demeanor of them and their supporters, and then tell me i'm wrong.
spaaaang! went the chorder-beat. yow-yow! went the band.&&newline<kevin> for the first full melody she played and did not sing. and it was sexy! her body swayed and curved, her left hand seemed to be indicating something else than the chords. her right hand writhed to the beat. it was sexy!
speak for yourself, comrade. i, like many other socialists, greeted the fall of the soviet model with unqualified rejoicing; and i don't doubt that karl marx would have been celebrating.
speaking as a demisexual person, appearance is more aesthetic for me than sexual. like, 'oh what a beautiful person!' that doesn't necessary mean i want to jump their bones asap, though.
speaking as someone who was once afraid my desire to trans was 'merely a fetish,' i gotta say that fetishists who actually do transition are just as 'legitimately' trans as anyone else.
speaking of esl and joss whedon, i know a french girl who learned english almost entirely by watching buffy as a teen, so she talks like a joss whedon character. it's weird.
speaking of million dollar extreme, where can i meet dudes like sam, charles and nick? i don't know what their 'clique' is(for lack of a better word) but people like that would share my sense of humor.
speaking of cheese, our sponsor roth makes a great one called grand cru that melts easily and would therefore be perfect in this dip recipe (its what i used!). plus, you can feel good about using their products.
spectacular success can quadruple the number of complaints.
sperm is also a very rich substance. feel free to research all the nutrients found in it. you know you should actually try it before passing such harsh judgment.
spermjacking is very real, and very serious. if you read son of batman,
spiegel online just released an apology that they shouldn't have presented the bellingcat report as fact. and once again they do not even recognise that there were other arguments besides the ela in it. :smith:
spiritually, ezra chapters 9 and 10 solidified the idea that races are important and shouldn't be mixed.
sponsor shoutout: manitoba harvest hemp hearts
sports - aggressive street inline skating, roller  hockey, roller derby - i am an all-around skater queer. i personally  aspire to join a professional roller derby team in my lifetime, there  needs to be more trans* people in roller derby.
stalin as human and complicated as he is brutal.
stalin wasn't a communist hth
star wars passes the bechdel test and the armor is gender neutral and the robots are all enby and the people who make the little toys and electronics and garments and everything else are overworked for a pittance until their bodies break down
startups are at the core of everything we do. an individuals life is a startup that begins at birth. every city was once a startup, as was every company, every institution, and every project. as humans, we are wired to start things.
steampunk stevonnie! they may be carefree and childish, but they can pull amazing combinations with the steam shield and the pressure blade.
steve and walter used to have a preference for blondes. then steve was murdered... and came back as one. will being a woman make him a better man?
still a little upset the rebels won the star wars movies. ?
still looking, so dont flag me just because i didnt respond to you! sorry if i didnt, nothing personal im just really finicy with people, and im borderline asexual.
stocked up on effective nutritional supplements. the fda has long had its sights set on regulating supplements and likely banning many of them. if youre like my mother and swear by stinging nettle, echinacea, and a few others, it might be smart to stock up on several months worth, or more. when it comes to storage, treat the supplements as though they were food, storing them in a cool, dark, and dry place.
stop assuming trans people want to be cis. stop erasing nonbinary trans people. stop with the mentality that being trans is misery all the time and isnt a point of pride for many trans people.
stop being a prick and go vegan
stop being deliberately obtuse. israel does not take joy in the deaths of palestinian children; isn't that something worth praising them for?
stop demonizing male sexuality #repealtheregistry
stop denying het-partnered bi/pan people their queer identity 2k15
stop judging and get curious, fuckers!
strange as this may sound, i've always preferred the monarchy (burger king) to the democracy (mayor mccheese). i'm a 'loyalist'.
strategic relocation: ur doin it rong
strictly speaking a hamburger is a pretty ideal meal. you'd probably wan't to spring for some more greenery on occasion but the ratio of lettuce/meat/tomato/onions/bread on something like a big mac is pretty good. sodium is probably on the high side but you could cut that down by not getting cheese maybe.
struggle snuggle
stunning display of unadulterated racism nonetheless. enjoy your yelp reviews, you backward fucks.
such soft, tender and sensual curves on an incredibly gorgeous woman. i love the contrast of the black shirt and bra against such creamy skin, the red hair making those cute little nipples so very rosy and perfect. how they are straining against the material, slowly freeing themselves from the confines of that cute bra is breathtaking. :rose:
sucking on a boys fingers is powerful as hell
super annoyed with parental leave... shouldn't we all have equal access to paid time off? why are we rewarding people for burdening our society with more people?
surely the lockstep, if not to say the actual socialist goosestep, of the left can only be the result of a malevolent plot to crush conservatism.
sweatshops are not a direct consequence of the ideology of capitalism, you fucking dinkum.
sweet potato hummus tartine with toasted brussels sprouts and goat cheeserecipe
sweet zen (green tea) popcorn
sweetened condensed coconut milk &&newline<kevin> yes, that is in fact a fountain full of sweetened condensed coconut milk. we were super excited to see this alternative to regular sweetened condensed milk. it's an easy dairy-free substitute in recipes.
sylvia rivera herself, patron saint of the trans movement, may not have identified as a lesbian but was in a relationship with a woman.
syou lends a flavor to any meat dish, and is greatly esteemed by the oriental peoples.
terfism is being morally mandated out of existence? :)
terfs need to die&&newline<kevin> theres no beating around the bush here&&newline<kevin> terfs need to die
terfs use the gas lighting tactic that abusers do. dont believe them. dont follow them. dont listen to them. they have nothing of value.
the only good male is a moeblobby delicate cinnamale roll
the only way you can control people is to lie to them. you can write that down in your book in great big letters. the only way you can control anybody is to lie to them.
the third democratic party debate is this saturday (12/19). please spread the word and tune in this saturday on abc
they doxxed the superdelegates???
they wanted me&&newline<kevin> to be a man&&newline<kevin> they wanted me to become one of them&&newline<kevin> straight and repressed&&newline<kevin> emotions grotesque&&newline<kevin> ready for war and the cubicle desk
this blog is nsfw and frequently contains triggering content. i try to tag for everything, but every once in a while i forget, mislabel, or miss something.
this is for the fucking iron man 3 movie!?!?!? are you fucking kidding me shit shit shit asldhakldhaihlsdklashdsha i olove thsdfkhlaskhldashd holy shit aslhdfaslkdhashldashdlashd done sdfklhasd dfinishsdf;dshfsdlfsdjlfhash ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fucjing imagine dragons i swear to go dasldhaskldhaskhldakhl halp meee this is sooo good and it fits. serioisly. holy
this was great straight out of the can the only thing i added was a little real butter and some chopped chives. great tasty product.
til that during world war ii, the united states would have nuked kyoto instead of nagasaki if not for the insistence of henry stimson. nintendo hq would have been destroyed and nintendo as we know it might not exist today.
tl:dr inadvertently creepy aspergers male wants to be tolerated by women.
tl;dr - michael jackson killed by iranian government to distract from green revolution
tl;dr grass on the field = biologically ready to play ball. hamsters want to play too so they fabricated the age of consent. and started shaming guys that look at sexually matured females who are 'too young'
tl;dr: my friend is constantly shipping men into gay relationships and it appears to be borderline obsessive. how can i accept this as part of her or talk to her about toning it down?
tldr; teared my butt hole pooping, fainted from the sight of the blood and ended up in a hospital.
tlgb
trans anthem man in the mirror
trans exclusive radical feminism is racist and feeds into violent systems of transphobia
twerf lives are disposable, if youre going to cause danger to trans women and trans girls in the name of your ~radical feminism~ then your life is worthless in my mind. no mercy for twerfs.
tacos are cultural appropriation? jesup fucking christ. what about pizza?  these sjws will be shocked to realize that america's whole history has been taking in immigrants, thus cultural appropriation.
take a look at those date stamps. shout out to the people who called sanders out on his bullshit. shout out to his campaign for being savvy enough to to realize that #blacklivesmatter isnt just a passing trend. shout out to those who are holding politicians to a higher standard. shout out to black folks who wont be satisfied with being ignored by politicians anymore.
take care of yourselves, watch the people around you carefully, and cordon off the ones who are toxic, so that the universe can decontaminate them for you through exposure and death.
take up your paddle and enter the bedroom with 6 fictional  bunny-partners! bunny bunny smackdown is a climactic action game about  bunnies having sex--you'll have kinky bedroom fun with your partners  while practicing safe, healthy relationships and enjoying exhilarating  sexually-charged action 'combat'!
tape the nipples to be safe
tbh i had to check because a huge portion of the time, if you see someone posting things that explicitly uses female/male terminology they are a transphobe whos using that language to imply trans women are actually men, or arent women or are lesser than cis women
tdfw when people give you sleeping advice but you're the god of sleep but you force yourself to be polite and listen to them tell you stuff you already know
tdfw you can't grant wishes anymore and it tears you apart
tdfw you yearn for a prophet of your own but your demands remain unheard by the ears of mortals
tdfw you're a goddess of death/ all things morbid and you don't have a prophet to help you communicate your messages because your vessel has 'illnesses'
tear warning, just, i'm sorry. i deleted a lot of the other footage as it was a lot of my decision making process. i just cannot handle the idea of seeing him like that.
telephones are psychotic.
tell me about laser hair removal. i tire of shaving my ass.
telling people their gender or sexual orientation isnt a real thing is like telling people their favorite color isnt a color, or saying i dont like that color so it cant be your favorite. pointless and not really your problem.
ten years in and we bone like we're cheating on each other with each other. a decade-plus and her clit/brown/taint-area still powns my dick
ten years in and we bone like we're cheating on each other with each other. a decade-plus and her clit/brown/taint-area still powns my dick.
terfs are violent, genocidal terrorists who are ok with murdering children or pushing children to suicide.
terfs kill trans women on a daily basis, one of us vents our frustration and then we're the violent ones right? lmao fucking scum, sorry you gotta deal with them
terl was as happy as a baby psychlo on a diet of straight kerbango
testosterone blends easily with your own hormones . . . you have no fear of what any woman may think of your bed conduct. you know you are a master. you know they will be thrilled. you can come many times without weariness . . . many women are not capable of pleasure in sex and anything adverse they say or do has no effect whatever upon your pleasure.
tfw the doctors/etc don't take you seriously when you want to be checked for psychosis because you're autistic
thank the divine bitch goddesses of kink.com.
thank you god for your kindnesses to us as we had not waxed the cans until the threat of potential starvation became a reality...may god bless the little children and give us the wisdom to feed them!
thank you for running this blog. it is amazing, i spent almost two hours on it today. i am a tatar/slav that grew up in america, so it makes me happy to see people are still proud to be russian :) also don't listen to anyone, your english is perfect!
thank you for sharing this presentation.   the discipline that goes into tea rituals is quite rigorous.  this window into some of the history surrounding these ceremonies should be of interest to tea enthusiasts today - particularly those who have taken the time to learn the tea rituals of japan
thank you for your concern brother. this is the type of innate honor and empathy that most men naturally posses, but conceal in an effort to appeal to women.
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!  i fucking love all you guys.  especially the ones with vaginas.
thanks. i got it for my wife but i couldn't help myself, i had to try it on.
thanksgiving is not part of the steven universe. that image was just the creators doing a thanksgiving shout-out. it's not canon.
thanks~! you've always been someone i like and who i want to like me. i  know that probably sounds silly, but i really think you're cool. feel  free to message me whenever about whatever, especially if you're in a  bad mood.
that bitch sucks dick but she's actin all shy
that catkin feel when you love it when your boyfriend scratches your chin/jawline or pets your hair but people think its super weird so he won't do it public
that divine feel when you have a christian family and if you ever came out as divine they would disown you.
that feeling in your stomach isn't actual hunger, it's detox. though many confuse it for hunger because either eating more calories or denser foods puts energy towards digestion and away from detoxing. it subsides eventually.
that idiot government that actually cares about our nation's water supplies? go ahead and poison the lot, sparkling clean dishes are totally worth algae-clogged lakes.
that kin feel when all of your kin types are nocturnal and its way late, but you are bounding with energy. also when none of them walk on two feet and you are just like, 'wait what are feet again?'
that kin feel when you can feel your astral ears react to surroundings and your emotions, like pricking up at a sudden noise or drooping when youre sad
that lifestyle is something they choose. i choose to be heterosexual. they choose to be homosexual. why should i be beat over the head to go along with something they choose?
that movie will always have a strange hold over me. i saw it at a young age and it has never let go of me. i think the female lead has been my measuring stick by which i compare every woman since.
that night, i sat jason down and told him he could go outside the relationship to satisfy his sexual needs. he had previously mentioned groups that met to sit together in diapers and do everyday stuff; watch movies, dinner, etc.
that ok let just keep all these 'gays' in one place and out of real america. i also would like to say that gays and cupcake in this coffee store should not be allowed in store that i go to! these words might hurt a few, but maybe then you can see what my point is. talk is cheap action is what counts,. i hope you get my point you cant say a police officer is not allow to enter your store, it's a store under the state city,. not
that said, the theoretical elimination of the entirety of the human population of africa wouldn't really do much harm, i'd wager
that the swastika sticks in the craw of the mentally ill internet stalinists ityool2016 could be considered a bonus perk.
that things sexual thrill me...that naked women and pornography excite me greatly...
that video you posted is cute, but i will not promote someone calling christmas xmas, don't take christ out of it, it's his birthday! also the fact your just asking complete strangers for money isn't in the spirit of giving at all.
that was a perfectly good way
that was how my mom knew i had pooped in a diaper because that diaper was left wife open showing everyone what i did in it and my mom told me she doesn't want me giving her any information about my choice and i told her i wasn't giving it to her and she said leaving bag open with dirty diaper sis sharing it with her.
that was made up by some of you crazy, sentimentalism addicted, and perpetually butthurt professional offense takers.
that was why the son of a bitch jew kicked me out of the game place, permanently, after years of loyal volunteer service in the pokemon tcg league. i had apologized numerously before, but he's still the pigheaded, stubborn jew he was then.
that weird smell the other day? that was me.... i had chicken tandoori!
that dick cheney made money off the iraq war meme is so fucking played out. i dont even like bush or cheney, but enough.&&newline<kevin> how about obama made money off of deceiving the american people and attempting to create socialist regime in the us
that's bs to say that a gay person who'd ratehr be straight hates themselves. does a silver medalist who would have preferred gold hate themselves and/or their silver medal?
that's an interesting situation you post as i once thought that was what i wanted.  now i'm not so sure i would want to deal with actually needing them, even though i do wear them 24/7/365.  i wear them as convenience diapers though.  meaning generally i just wear one the whole day and if there is a situation where it would be inconvenient to take a bathroom break then i use the diaper.
that's why i don't believe women will ever be moral, them be liberals is just hypocrisy, women are just as bad as the worst racist or murder in world history.
that's why i'm gonna roll up and smash in ya teeth
thats why this is a sham. its only a feel good excercise. there are plenty of real cases where blacks are unjustly killed. why is it you only protest the just ones?
thats why i am thrilled to be partnering with stonyfield on this sponsored post today. they are an organic company that is passionate about the issue of labeling gmos and changing things for the better.
the 'clopsexuality' was obviously just another publicity stunt. although, i do believe people shouldn't bully others for what they're into. look, i'm never going to stop pab. i'm always gonna be creating and uploading soft vore videos to youtube.
the 1990's was a pretty good decade in hindsight. i myself long for some of it's elements; surge soda, 'the adventures of pete and pete', kurt cobain still alive, etc..
the 7th  of november is the anniversary of the second russian revolution of 1917.  i wanted do say that i hate communists and the revolutionaries who did  it all to my country, those murderers, thieves, looters and barbarians,  and i hate the soviet regime. in 1917, the enemy won. it is the day of a  national tragedy.
the 7th of november is the anniversary of the second russian revolution of 1917. i wanted do say that i hate communists and the revolutionaries who did it all to my country, those murderers, thieves, looters and barbarians, and i hate the soviet regime. in 1917, the enemy won. it is the day of a national tragedy.
the 90¥s was when i was little & growing up. saturday mornings were still reserved for cartoons. i still played video games with my brother and sister. i still went to disney movies. the internet was new when i was a young teen, in terms of it being available for everyone anyway.
the acab mantra repeated ad nauseum colours people's first interactions with the police - i wonder whether it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy sometimes. a denial of legitimate immigration concerns by the left allows groups like the bnp and ukip to gain traction. i'm sure there are other examples.
the adventures of dame ladycock, war princess
the arkh project is an effort by some queer people of color to make a 3-d rpg that runs off the beaten path. this blog tracks its development.
the assyrians were black those aint his ancestors fully. the truth will set you free
the bible teaches that homosexuality is sin. in old testament times, god commanded that homosexuals be put to death. since god never commanded death for normal or acceptable actions, it is as unreasonable to say that homosexuality is normal as it is to say that murder or stealing is normal.
the blue diamond system (there she is!!!)
the bolsheviks had little interest in providing food to the hungry; indeed, they deployed hunger as a weapon.
the british violated the golden rule, and it made them likely the only language that will survive outside of earth once earth exodus begins.
the christian community has unfortunately hurt the gay community a lot in the past. this is shameful and demonic. however, holding the belief and conviction that sex is proper and godly only within the context of heterosexual marriage does not equal hate.
the church has grown more in the past decade than in its first 50 years combined under the ecclesiastical leadership of mr. miscavige, a visionary parishioners and church staff hold in the highest regard for carrying out the legacy of the scientology founder through the renaissance the religion is now experiencing.
the clemenza shows michael to cook scene is what got me cooking the first place. i watched godfather for the first time, and then asked my mom to let me cook that night, went and got all the stuff and made it.
the czech republic is a bit xenophobic (for gipsy - they do not want to work , arabic - scared islamization of europe) but certainly not racist ;) really not for 'black'.. and prague is awesome, metropolitan city
the did-community newbies who all use anime as their pcitures and describe everything as though it's cute and not a problem remind me of the otherkin in 2012 who barged through and made everyone hate otherkin in the first place. i'm really scared that rorekchan and other peopel like that in the tags lately are going to bring down the entire community and make it into a dramatic thing to be gawkered at.
the depend pullups are crap! you should have called them out on that! you should know, and be able to tell people that these are only for users who have a slight dribble. nothing more. they are crap! the actual depend diaper (lets call them what they are) aren't even as absorbent as they used to be.
the doctor, from doctor who. the eleventh doctor (matt smith) is my favorite, both for his insanely good looks and his at times threatening demeanor ('basically? run.') there's something about a superior near-immortal being who also has a sense of humor that gets to me.
the e-meter is never wrong. it sees all. it knows all. it tells everything.
the empress reversed incarnates the darkest aspects of womanhood. it represents infertility and lack of imagination that repeats itself over and over again, motivated only by a vague vanity. it is a barren terrain--a womb out of which no life or fruit springs--and the mother whose children are stillborn.
the enemy. it was left to one to stop them for good. and he was a babyfur. a fox, to be exact. diapers for justice, and ready to deliver a furry knuckle sandwich to the leader of deeker, mfh, and bring revenge to the *b/dl/fur community. his name was zack. and he was ready to kick some perverted ass.
the eunuch, the rapist, the whore and the child who simply knew
the florida couple married sept. 26 during the love & autism conference in san diego, california.
the french children are old-fashioned, dull, grave, and ugly: like little old women in their appearance. the babies are wrapt up in swaddling-clothes like mummies, and they wear queer little cotton hats. the nurses carry them very carefully hanging on their arms; they say that nursing them, or tossing them about, makes them mad.
the game of life (exteriorization and havingness)
the garou of russia war with stalin, but lose even more ground as the brujah, despite their misgivings, step in and support him.[2]
the great war was self-evidently an epochal calamity, especially for the 20 million combatants and civilians who perished for no reason that is discernible in any fair reading of history, or even unfair one.
the halo series on xbox one will be true killer apps just like every game in the series. as you can all attest, it just keeps getting better and better. i've heard about a lot of fantastic-sounding xbox one exclusives that are making me very interested in the product.
the healing kitchen: wheat and soy free soy sauce
the hugo which had been a long standing gold standard in science fiction had fallen to sjw chaos in previous years culminating in a huge fight 1 year ago which led to a twitter firestorm. in the end however it was a victory for the forces against storytelling.
the internet is really only good for about 5 or 6 things: porn, free music, cat pictures, some other stuff, and rampant uninformed speculation. as long as each is contained in their own area, it's fine.
the iranian government had michael jackson killed.
the joker (favorite version: circa the killing joke.) the joker and harley quinn are one of the most fascinating and complicated (albeit totally messed up, of course) couples in fiction.
the lego movie was my favorite movie of 2014, but it strikes me that the main character was male, because i feel like in our current culture, he had to be.
the lakota are the moral equivalent of israeli settlers who want to unjustly take over their neighbors land. fortunately, the lakota are too weak to actually do what they clearly wish they could do.
the left should keep its moral lectures to itself: i'm sick of lefties' sense of moral superiority, when they actually have a fundamental lack of humanity
the left's 21st century agenda: expunging every trace of respect, recognition or acknowledgment of americans who fought for the confederacy.
the man whore movies were absolutely hysterical!&&newline<kevin> forgot the title, but rob was wonderful.
the matrix still genius, 17 years later. also a crazy obvious allegory for being trans. neo even takes a pill to start living authentically.
the multiverse theory as it pertains to otherkin and fictionkin
the myth of male power
the nsdap considered all caucasians to be aryans, the nordic phenotype was just considered most different genetically from the other races of humanity (mongoloid, negroid, australoid etc). actually try doing some research from primary sources instead of believing everything you hear in your school's history class or tumblr. don't fall to propaganda.
the nsfw blog for annie, camgirl on chaturbate and casual lewd trans girl here on tumblr. if you like lady boners and the juices streaming from they're head you're in the right place...
the negro enjoys #blackprivilege in africa. as a white man, i don't have a problem with that. if the black man doesn't like #whiteprivilege in america, he is welcome to go to liberia.
the nokia e70 not only plays mp3s, video, has a full browser and wi-fi, imap and pop3 email, and google maps, but you can even run terminal software to telnet or ssh into remote servers. what that means in non-geek is that my phone is invincible. i can literally do anything. i can reboot my web server if i want, and sometimes i do just because i can.
the only valid reasons for castration are life-span increase (if done when young) and hair loss stopper if someone has the complete baldness gene like me.
the opium wars are some of the few cases where the british empire wasn't in the wrong,&&newline<kevin> while their opportunism and the unequal treaties that followed were bad, the biggest shame is that the take home message was 'our century of humiliation' and not 'shoot all prohibitionists on sight'.
the oriental doesn't put the same high price on life as does the westerner. life is cheap in the orient.
the philippines has what is known as a blade culture.[25][26]
the qing ironically wasn't very oppressive towards minority population, it was quite the opposite if anything where minorities such as the manchus and mongols gave themselves a leg up over the majority ethnic han population. the same was true of the british empire.
the qing were the equivalent of some fedora wearing goon with a fixed view of some fantasy world that lives his life totally according to that and just cannot understand why all the peasants and retards living around him seem to be doing better than him and why no-one seems to like or appreciate his awesomeness.
the queer porn collective is a project that began in portland, or, and is a year in the making. this non-hierarchical performer-led collective aims to facilitate production of adult content by trans porn performers who are working on their own websites, films, etc., putting the means of production in performer's hands.
the sec's top cop is cashing in as a wall street lawyer, and you should feel ok about it
the sea is ours: tales from steampunk southeast asia (2015)
the sept of the people's will is an experimental russian sept in gorky park, moscow, formed in 1902 by a number bone gnawer leaders who seized upon lenin's ideas. this sept follows the social teachings of marx.[1] it has about 100 bone gnawers in it. [1]
the south african native is probably the one impossible person to train in the entire world  he is probably impossible by any human standard.
the spanish civil war provides the opportunity to test the technocracy's idea of using anarchism as a model government. the experiment succeeds beyond anyone's expectations, so much so that the technocracy fears the breeding of ideas which deviate from the technocracy's agenda. they declare the idea anathema and allow a fascist regime to take over.[24]
the struggle against fascism begins with the struggle against bolshevism
the supreme court deserves a better commentary than spqr redux, as spqr did not produce a lot for the defence of human rights and the protection of the lower to middle classes
the swedish parliament building is seriously called the reichstag? and nobody thinks this is odd?
the syrian refugee crisis is our children of men moment
the tpp is a wishlist for monopolistic corporations that inherently benefits giant multinational companies while undermining small businesses and startups.
the truth, however, is this: he wants to wear diapers!!!
the term same sex marriage = cissexist
the tucking masterpost (please signal boost!)(tw for discussion and some images of genitals)
the west is weak now. our women will flock to the strong horse, which is islam.
the west should provide citizenship to any minorities in the middle east (christians, druze, zoroastrians, alawites) then work on cleaning up the borders so as to create ethnically homogeneous nation states.
the white hut has been so poisoned by its current occupant, nothing less than burning it down would be acceptable. islam is the military wing of the communist party.
the actual track record of crowd pleasers, whether juan perÛn in argentina, obama in america, or hitler in germany, is very sobering, if not painfully depressing.
the advice your parents didnt give you get rich im so hungry. get yours you deserve it. if youre born poor its not your fault if you stay poor it is.
the amount of explicit and implicit genital essentialism that swirls around discussions of vaginoplasty, in the trans community of all places, is frequently overwhelming. ive had someone explain their intended operative status as, so i can use the womens lockerroom. at that point it strikes me that cissexism where approval is conditional is often more toxic than blanket cissexism, as it encourages kapoism and assimilation.
the analyses of the screen gems s from hell which have been offered suggest that the two parallelograms entrap the little dot. possibly the diminishing parallelogram suggests a mother, the growing parallelogram is the father, and the dot is the child which fears them, needs them, and cannot escape them.
the anime world for us 'anime fans' is like another dimension. in that other dimension, many of our desires and interests stay there and don't come with us in real life. a guy who likes traps in anime, would not necessarily like them in real life (they very rarely look close to anime traps anyway), the transition of such interests doesn't happen in many cases.
the anus is a voluntary muscle,' he said. 'our parents trained us to close them, you can train them to open. it takes time, it takes practice, it takes lots of lubricant. but you're actually training the muscle. you're improving the muscle tone by doing this.
the association between maximum evil and the use of nuclear weapons is a product of the cold war and thermonuclear stockpiles that if used would poison the earth and lead to extinction. working backwards, hiroshima and nagasaki must have also been particularly evil.
the bathroom door in our house has a girl's sign on it!
the best animators (like brad bird)
the best thing i did in my life was adopt a child. we wanted to adopt from china because they kill their little girls, but we already had two children, so they made us go into what they called a special needs program: spinal bifida, cleft palette, or something else. but at the time, china was re-evaluating its special needs program, and the adoption agency told us that it could take 10 years for the bureaucracy to decide what constituted
the best way for me to answer that would be to say that the culture and things for me really started in about 1948 and started to go away in 1954. i was born in the third quarter of 1945 so i almost split the decades
the biggest tragedy in red vs blue is that doyle died thinking kimball was a better leader than him
the buttock today is what the boobs were in the 60s. butts are better when you look at breasts, you have to look at a face. there is no room to fantasize. but when you turn it around, there is no face anymore. youre free to put whatever face you want on that booty.
the case for keeping clam juice around at all times.
the characters that populate this tale are original and great a strong sense of connection with the plot. i especially liked two of the stronger blood males: (1) saetan daemon sadiablo, the high lord of hell, high priest of the hourglass and warlord prince of dhemlan and (2) daemon sadi (aka the 'sadist') sadiablo.
the charm of a feminine face resides in the purity of its skin, more than in the perfection of its lines. take care of it, madam, with the famous mandel beauty products. of international prestige they effectively help your beautys splendor, making it much more attractive and distinguished.
the communal life and activities of the sea organization within the church of scientology fully conform to the communal life and activities of traditional religious orders, east and west, in the past and in the present.
the company logo and name derives from ancient greek letter zeta (uppercase z, lowercase ?) used as a code among zoophiles to identify each other.
the crappy thing about the cis women with a weird fetish for trans men is that they hold a lot of institutional and social capital in places that should, hypothetically and because theyre needed, be accessible and welcoming to trans women. like sexual assault centres, university gender studies programs, womens centres, and trans education programs. so guess who ends up getting served and prioritized instead?
the creation of dianetics is a milestone for man comparable to his discovery of fire and superior to his inventions of the wheel and arch.... this is useful knowledge. with it the blind again see, the lame walk, the ill recover, the insane become sane and the sane become saner.
the creation of mars hill is a milestone for man comparable to his discovery of fire and superior to his inventions of the wheel and arch.... this is useful knowledge. with it the blind again see, the lame walk, the ill recover, the insane become sane and the sane become saner.
the current popular narrative from some people who believe in what they call 'social justice' (which still ultimately confuses me since it's such a nebulous concept and seems to mean different things to different people), is that sexism against men isn't real and racism against white people isn't real.
the day time: lunch or brunch at my favorite place. a walk or short hike. a trip to the video arcade. and maybe some ice cream or frozen yogurt and people watching.&&newline<kevin> the evening date: a fun but not expensive fancy dinner and maybe a burlesque show or a live action play. something unique and memorable that we have to dress nice for. but drinks and a long talk afterwards.
the death penalty affirms the sanctity of innocent lives.
the degradation of willingly being reduced to fleeting masturbatory material for strangers, while i remain on my own and get little to nothing in return apart from the pleasure of being fat and the knowledge that some few out there are enjoying it.  perhaps hoping for some positive feedback but expecting none.  it might sound a bit depressing, but it's also kind of awesome.
the discontining of zima is the zorst new ever! zay it ain't zo! all of the new coller hipper drinks aren't anything like the uniquie taste of zima!
the distinction between white nationalism and white supremacism is impossible and pointless to make because it's it's like trying to traverse a wild river by gingerly hopping across stones and one wrong semantic slip and you get lumped in with skinhead neonazis by people who just can't wait to call you racist
the ease with which you can get to see a united states senator is mind boggling.  you just tell his secretary that you are the head of a local labor union from his home state and bango, there you are in his presence!
the experiences and lifestyles of such cultures are starkly limited to the point that cosmopolitan outsiders are fully justified in holding paternalistic attitudes towards them. this is not any fault of theirs, but by the standards of a modern society, such people essentially suffer from a form of socially-reinforced mental illness and should be treated as such.
the fact is, trump just like bernie sanders has tapped into an american public that is fed up with the standard fare (swill) they've been fed for decades now, by the beltway bozos on both sides, and they want something different. even strident partisans like maureen dowd on one side and peggy noonan on the other have wised up to this and said so in print.
the fact is, it is life that handles force!  only life can gives things direction.  matter cannot control matter--it has no intentions.  life is not a product of matter.  it is its boss!
the fact that barry soetoro brainwashed a bunch of people with the #lovewins hashtag, that proves he is worst than hitler, and if you support that evil demon, you need god in your life, now.
the fact that many otherkin have been diagnosed as autistic proves that there's some link between the two, and i also feel like there's something nonhuman with otherkin haters.
the fact that paedophiles produce and distribute and earn money from selling sex may make them sex workers.
the fact that there is, in the world today, a revolutionary leader of the caliber of bob avakian, and that there is now a new synthesis of communism, is a tremendous thing for the masses of oppressed people and for the cause of human emancipation.
the fanfics i read are more enlightening and introspective than your gender studies thesis was.
the female orgasm is a feminist myth. don't @ me.
the feminists have convinced themselves that everyone is raping all the time in the us.
the figures chosen to adorn the supreme court are none other than moses of the jewish religion, solomon of the same faith, and confusions famous chinese figure
the first and second laws of thermodynamics demonstrate what the bible tells about the creation of new matter or energy. things change, but they degenerate. these laws also demonstrate that the genesis account of creation is consistent with scientific evidence.
the first time i had southern usa bbq (i'm australian). omfg, kill me now because nothing will taste this good again.
the future is really happening fast. 1 year ago i would have never imagined having to volunteer to fight in a hacker war in order to defend the largest decentralised organisation in the world. i mean this is actually happening?
the general habit of considering stalinism and present-day communism as identical with, or at least as a continuation of revolutionary marxism has also led to an increasing misunderstanding of the personalities of great revolutionary figures: marx, engels, lenin and trotzky.
the girls come to see me because they can't fuck
the good news, to relieve all this gloom, is that a democracy is inherently self-correcting. here, the people are sovereign. inept political leaders can be replaced. foolish policies can be changed. disastrous mistakes can be reversed.
the hardest part about having a conversation surrounding police shootings in america, it always feels like...if you take a stand for something, you automatically are against something. such a strange world to be in....for instance, if you're pro 'black lives matter' you're assumed to be anti-police, and if you're pro-police, you're assumed to hate black people. when in reality you can be pro-cop and pro-black, which is what we
the head of the galactic confederation (76 planets around larger stars visible from here) (founded 95,000,000 years ago, very space opera) solved overpopulation (250 billion or so per planet - 178 billion on average) by mass implanting..
the history of the interaction of white and black culture, up to today, has been white people admiring and imitating black people because we think they're cool and want to be them, and coming off as unintentionally buffonish and culturally-insensitive in the process, and i have no reason to think minstrel shows weren't borne from trend, rather than white people being evil racists.
the home cooked dinner is expensive and time-consuming and often done for a bunch of ingrates who would rather just be eating fast food
the idea of a maker space is changing the way people come together. a christian maker space only adds potential to change the world.
the idea of his dream ending and him finally dying makes perfect sense to me. death and dreams are very common subjects in anime, some more subtly than others.
the idea of paid mods is also against the spirit of entrepreneurship, voluntarism, and capitalism. it symbolizes the ascension of monetarism, and the commoditization of every single aspect of content creation.
the idea of stuffing and bloating turns me on so much. but i dont know if i could ever get past the insecurities and shame i feel about my body. im constantly torn between wanting to lose weight and start gaining.
the idea that home cooking is inherently ideal reflects an elite foodie standpoint
the idea that it is worthwhile to use chemicals (whether they be deodorant, detergent, or shampoo) to eradicate organic dirt has some frightening implications, too.
the idea that the party of lincoln and reagan, coolidge and eisenhower, justice harlan and senator taft has nominated trump is appalling.
the images of the minchiate tarot are drawn from a rare surviving 18th century deck of 97 cards - 19 more than the traditional tarot. it is considered by many to be the single most powerful divination tool on the web, providing deep insight, rich in ancient symbolism, to any question you may pose. if you would like your own copy of the minchiate tarot, you can buy it now!
the incentive structure is such that it encourages an overproduction of vaccines and pressure to give more and more vaccines at younger and younger ages, beyond the reasonable demands of public safety. where's your skepticism of big money and distrust of corporate greed when it comes to vaccine production, progressives?
the inevitable march towards taylor swift's new album 1989 continues with a new single, and it's only getting worse: 'welcome to new york' is a gentrification anthem so obtuse it makes one wonder if she is, in fact, trolling at this point. and it calls into question whether rich white-person privilege is, in fact, a form of trolling in itself. trolling the rest of us. killing our spirits until we are all reduced to old-school dead emojis.
the infamous web site encyclopedia dramatica (http://www.encyclopediadramatica.se) has also subjected mr. kevin to harassment and bullying.
the kids buy my shit that's how i get cash (ha)
the landlord is contributing the permission to live on the land that 1,000 people want to live on. 1,000 people think it's worth it and are willing to do it.
the last girl i had sex with told me i was the worst sex she had ever had and that i have the smallest penis she has seen. this has really shattered my confidence. i cant help wondering if its true or whether she is just doing it to get back at me because i said i didnt want a relationship. my dick is 6 inches, thats not that small is it?
the last thing our society needs is for white people to feel more tribal. the result of this tribalism will not be a catharsis of white identity, improving equality for non-whites. it will be resentment towards being the only tribe not given the special treatment bestowed by victimhood.
the last two emperors were assassinated, one by pro-native religionists, one by a buddhist hermit. yes, a buddhist assassinated an emperor.
the late larry auster said that blacks are sacred objects in the modern west. he was right. to say negative things about blacks, or to be thought to have negative thoughts about them, is a blasphemy.
the left's vision, in a nutshell: consenting adults should be able to do what they want with their bodies, and the resulting physical or emotional harm is either reasonably tolerable or can be alleviated through a combination of government programs and public re-education.
the libretto should be about nixon, kissenger, and mao as possibly the most evil triumverate ever to join forces. this opera is 'springtime for mao et al' ala mel brooks, but they are serious here about the accomplishments made with the chinese. and pat nixon in the midst of it, very crazy, hits the mark, but she has nothing to 'sing' about, as she was completely uneducated and overrun by nixon totally.
the logic is this: when you launch a surprise attack on pearl fucking harbor, your getting nuked is entirely on your head and not ours.
the long-term results of the aids epidemic are unknown, but this disease may be to the 20th century was the bubonic plague, or black death, was to the 14th century, when half the population of europe died. aids could have the same devastating effect on the world today and could change the course of history.
the madness has to end. i'm all in for #gamergate. i'm black. i'm a libertarian. i want more diversity in gaming. no, i don't quite fit your narrative now do i?
the main character's name is christian. i am an episcopalian. i do not want to go to a movie that will challenge my faith.
the main takeaway is that everything the people in this thread appear to hold so dear, their leftist values, are simply what is fashionable. the way all of you would have felt in the 1950's; so oppressed, so ignored, so against the grain, is the way people like me feel in 2015 (full disclosure: i'm not accepted in the neoreactionary club either, i'm just from iowa and not particularly grossed out by that fact.)
the major support for archaeology work in israel and jordan comes from conservative and evangelical circles where the bible is still taken seriously and no one is more serious and committed about archaeological study in the middle east than adventists.
the male sex drive is an unstoppable force if you have healthy t levels and are honest and in touch with your real nature. you lack one of those things or both if you worry about her age outside of legal consequences. your instinct to reproduce and impregnate fertile females is infinitly more powerful and greater than morals or belief systems. life is powerful. weed grows out of concrete.
the mods allow body shaming, especially cate_mn, who ignored our mod mail requests to remove the comments, and proceeding to gaslight me twice during our discussion. we actually ended up having to ban the mods there due to the bullying we were getting from her in mod mail and in the public comments.
the most likely explanation of minstrel shows, in that they were borne out of a curiosity and interest in black culture by whites and their 'racism' is a result of their ignorance in depicting an entire culture in a simplistic and stereotyping manner, requires nuanced thinking, whereas chalking them up to those insanely racist whites just doing what they do best, is much easier to imagine.
the mother-child bond does have an innately sexual element, but i don't think most kids are overtly attracted to their parents.
the mush rumor probably was because of uncle ben's rice in the plastic bag. it's the best rice you can eat becuase the hull is powdered and sprayed back onto the grain, eliminating blood sugar drops.
the musical equivalent of red lipstick.
the new libel laws were also not enacted by the scottish government. not that that surprises me - the snp are rapidly turning scotland into north korea!
the no cholesteral, minimum sugar of soylent has worked well for me. at my doctors comment/suggestion...'keep doing whatever you are doing'...your numbers are great! ( i brought in a bag and the ingredients for him to take a look at). i no longer take insulin, or any medication for diabetes.
the number of people who were murdered as a result of communist horror is so large that if we killed a million people, and just one more person survived than in the alternative, it would be well worth it. imagine no cold war, imagine a unipolar world where the anglo american alliance had absolute dominion. all the terror of the threat of mad and the nuclear holocaust not existing.
the only appropriate words are it's time for a revolution. kill 'em all ...
the only difference would be that i'd be allowed to wear women's clothes. that doesn't really appeal to me because when i role play in private, i dress like a little girl or a toddler--i couldn't do that publicly even as a woman. i'm comfortable with my life now for that reason.
the only good thing about the old seattle is it was cheaper. that's about it. the rest of that old, soul-full world was pretty sleepy and sorry.
the only reason that the british had slaves at all is because the africans themselves, who had institutionalised slavery long before the first european plantation was laid out, were more than happy to sell them to us.
the only thing that i can think of when hearing, 'surprise them with your fist.' is like, punching your partner in the vagina or something.
the only thing you can be upbraided for by students or pcs is 'no results'. trouble spots occur only where there are 'no results'. attacks from governments or monopolies occur only where there are 'no results' or 'bad results'.
the only trouble with china is that there are too many chinks there.
the only trouble with china is that there are too many chinks there.
the orbs are very accessible to anyone who can handle a mouse. there is nothing to buy or believe in. no explanations to swallow, no books to read or materials to study. you just do it now. its fun, easy, relaxing. and amazingly effective.
the people are shit that's how i feel (ha!)
the people worshipping have voices like bull-frongs. the entire place was shabby and too coldthe trouble with china is, there are too many chinks there.
the percentage of the community that actually 'poops' in the diaper is extremely small (the term within the circle is refereed to as 'messing').
the place where i was hiding my cum jar were (sic) actually on top of a kind of radiator, that was connected to our furnace, and of course since it's getting colder we light it up. so basically the rainbow dash figure has been boiled in cum. it's brown now. and for comparison i have also got another glass of cum that's about a week old.
the potential value of an individual or a group may be expressed by the equation pv = id2 where i is intelligence and d is dynamic.
the problem is, that not all therapists understand the phenomenon of babygirls and systematically exclude us with reasons of fetishism and conected borderline personality disorders, etc. best is, to keep reference to ab/dl outside of indications and refferal letters.
the problem with morrowind: atrocious combat system. if i hit someone with an arrow, it should hit. oblivion's superior combat system made me unable to play morrowind, sad as it is to say.
the problem with not killing children only guarantees that the same battles will be fought in roughly 10 years or so . . .
the punchline ignores the trans-people who never transition or find happiness outside the gender binary.
the quaint and colorful savages who were formerly only accessible in the kodakchrome pages of national geographic are now walking the streets and clogging the police blotters of every major city and quite a few small towns in the the us and western europe.
the queerios have been blowing up the internet about this all day - 'the legislation of hate!!' blah blah blah. the bottom line is they have no real economic power - 1 to 2% of the population is not going to have much appreciable impact, unless they can fool or bully non-homos into going along with some kind of retribution. phooey on them all.
the racism level of this article is over 9000. take a trip back to the times of physiognomys glory!
the rapidity of particle flow alone determines power.
the real tragedy of this election is that america seems poised to raze the republican party to the ground at exactly the moment when its trajectory seemed most promising.
the real way to stick it to north korea would be to start organizing mass donations to nonprofits dedicated to ending it, making their human rights abuses viral, and starting an online movement that pressure world leaders into breaking the kim regime. that would actually scare the shit out of the dprk.
the reality is: i think millennials have really become more like foodies, and what they are looking for are foodie experiences in fast food. now, some people may think a foodie experience is some fancy ingredient you can't pronounce. the millennials think that putting cap'n crunch into a new form is a foodie experience. serving a sriracha quesarito is a foodie experience.
the realization just hit me that my initial weight gain goal of 13 lbs. has instead become a 32 lbs. gain. thats almost 2.5 times more than i had first planned to gain! not only that, looking back at my pre-diet industry dropout weight of 275 lbs. in september 2014, ive gained 47 lbs. in five months!
the realization that for all his not-death is better than death rhetoric, house couldve saved about 100 times as many lives as he does on his show if he just moved to a red state and handed out hrt scripts like car wash coupons.
the reason is the masses are stupid and uneducated, and thus fall for populist schemes like chavismo and the xxi century socialism.
the reason men 'harass' women is because they are blue pilled and think a personality trumps everything. if women as a whole would just admit that men with lms features such as shortness, lack of cash, small frame, ethnic in a white area, lack of friends, and small penises have no chance with them no matter how funny they are, or how great their personality is 'street harassment' would end tomorrow.
the reason we were liberals is we were against oppression.
the reasonable goals of second-wave feminism had been met, and feminist ideas had become so normal that mainstream feminism no longer had a monopoly on them; the neofeminists had lost the crowbar by which they had pried and beat so many young women into their ugly, twisted gender war, and the internet had made it more difficult for them to sell their anti-sex snake oil.
the relationship between the student and teacher is as antagonistic as any other to be found in capitalist society.&&newline<kevin> any and all forms of domination must be abolished.&&newline<kevin> all power to the councils of revolutionary students.&&newline<kevin> mankind will not be happy until the last teacher is strangled with the guts of the the last principle.
the release and delivery of new ot ix and x is vital to clearing this planet. our collective first target to making that happen is to get all orgs really active and working to become ideal.
the reputation game was used to paint a vulnerable, isolated trans girl, too scared to leave her room most days, as having power which she did not havepower which my abusers, veterans of queer and artistic scenes with decades of institutional privilege, did have.
the same goes for foods like fermented cashew cheese, though the cashews may not be raw, the presence of so much living enzymatic activity makes up for it.
the screenshot above is from a video which was captured back in 2012 of two men dressed in black who entered a hotel in canada and began asking questions about one of the employees who had recently claimed to see a ufo. the employee was not in work that day but the men asked around about him and his experience. witnesses claimed that these men had no eyebrows or eyelashes and were
the second issue is if you try to do this when erect, you run the risk of breaking the penile material. yes, that can break, which can cause other major health issues.
the sex binary is not something that is set in stone and happened organically  it is man-made.
the shot at gamergate was inappropriate.  i am a supporter of gamergate.  i'm married, my wife plays games with me.  i don't hate women.  i hate liars, i hate thieves, and i hate con artists.?
the soldiers of the third reich were some of the sexiest men ever and they had the best fashion of any army i have seen. the ss-totenkopfverb‰nde and their black clothes turn me on so much. i know they werent the bad people we all hear. there have been many personal accounts from people saying they were extremely kind and respect. rest in peace to the forgotten and sexy soldiers of nazi germany
the song's narrator describes that he likes his women 'just a little on the trashy side,' and shares various stories and explanations of why he does. one of these is a story about his parents being surprised at the fact that his prom date had a cocktail dress and a 'dolly parton wig'.
the strength comes from the foodservice, from the consumer, not from the regulatory agencies.
the stuff you're about to look at is considered 'naughty' by busybodies, legal types and (probably) your mom, so we'd like to make sure you're of legal age before we let you see it.
the stupid dragon doesn't even know i'm a ___! [non-binary option]
the surgery team puts the gloves on in order to squeeze out the stuff in my brothers back lump
the teachers, counselors, and principal here back in the early 90s physically abused and attempted molestation upon me, mentally and emotionally scarring me for life, because they did not understand or care for autistic people (high-functioning or otherwise)
the tech industry is basically overthrowing capitalism, except in a good way. we'll have a healthier, stronger civilization as a result.
the thing about communism is that it's a philosophy of government that defines all of its citizens as slaves. you do not have personal property, you work for the system above you and you work the job you're given. it also defines all of its citizens as expendable; if everyone is the same, no one is truly important.&&newline<kevin> you're basically trying to apply ant colony logic to people.
the thing is that the feeling seemed to be very weak (i suppose?) and i was not able to come from it even after about two hours. and i am not sure how things are supposed to go but she seemed rather surprised and disappointed about it
the thing is, i try so hard to buy local and organic foods that it just didnt make sense to continue purchasing chemical-laden soap and cleaning products. why would i spend so much money on organic produce when im going to put it on top of counters that ive cleaned with lysol?
the thing people forget is that the black community is not innocent. they are consistently more involved in crime, and their subculture is based on gross disrespect of others and women - of course the way their women act i cannot be surprised. the argument that because the are held down in poverty is the cause of their increased criminal behavior.
the trailer of this game disgusted me as well. showing a world that hitler would have never wanted.
the trailers for metal gear solid v, prove once again that hideo kojima is a master at portraying a wider and more complex view of human nature combined with breathtaking action sequences. a daring and bold move from one of the founders of the future of technology. with metal gear solid v, hideo kojima has created the perfect marriage of cinematic storytelling and cutting edge gaming technology. for me, it all culminates into one word: genius.
the transphobic folks who complain about femme trans women would also say i am not femme enough here. transmisogyny
the type of oppression that trans women and non binary people who are assigned male face, however, is a lot more prevalent, violent, and deadly than the type of oppression people who are assigned female face.
the ultimate fantasy for me at the moment is to work out and lose a hefty amount of weight, and then gain it back and then some while waist training in a corset
the vast majority of the ponies (honestly, all of the ones really worth mentioning) are female. i think the pony race depicted is essentially on the cusp of evolving into the pony equivalent of the asari.
the very idea of treating someone differently and not awarding them the same opportunities because of the color of their skin is absolutely disgusting. were he alive today, gen. forrest would agree. in fact, forrest was one of the souths first civil rights leaders  a fact lost on many politicians looking to capitalize off the south carolina tragedy.
the very idea that trans womyn rape cafabs is fucking ridiculous. power dynamics do not allow it. the only person a trans womon rapist would be able to rape would be other trans womyn.
the voice i hear is my mothers. 'i told you what happens to messy wet boys. we're going to change you into a clean diaper and let your sister watch you the rest of the day.' if only the psilocibin could make the voices real.
the walls are buzzing. i know this because i have a magnet implanted in my hand and whenever i reach near an outlet i can feel them. i can feel fortresses of industry miles away burning prehistoric hydrocarbons by the megaton.
the warm mass is extremly erotic, isn't it? i like to sit and play vidgames. sometimes i will get too involved in the game i am playing and be playing and playing for hours and hours upon hours and hours and then put down the controller to realize i completely filled my diaper at least twice without even feeling it or smelling it. this is why it is good to live alone and single. were i dating a girl (or man) they probably would have wanted to c
the was that some ppl explain is that otherkin think that in a past life or that their soul is something other than human i.e. dog, fairy, dragon etc. some ppl that are autistic do use it as a coping mechanism. at least that's what ive been told
the way bitches shut you down screams 'i can't mack' you're a filthy piece of shit and you ain't got jack (fucker)
the way to be a man is to socially position yourself as a man, and the way to position yourself as a man is to oppress women. there is no getting around that in the institution of western gender
the white bbq sauce, which i understand is mayo based, was creamy and a bit zesty. i liked it more than i expected i would. the crispy onion straws added a nice crunch consistently to the sandwich. the bun was soft but consistent.
the white race is the pinnacle blend of intelligence and physicality. i started to realize it wasn't inhumane to think it foolish to endlessly throw money at this perceived problem and help pick up these poor mongrel people. money can't change biology.
the whole agonized future of this planet, every man, woman and child on it, and your own destiny for the next endless trillions of years depend on what you do here and now with and in scientology.
the whole gospel of karl marx can be summed up in a single sentence: hate the man who is better off than you are. never under any circumstances admit that his success may be due to his own efforts, to the productive contribution he has made to the whole community. always attribute his success to the exploitation, the cheating, the more or less open robbery of others.
the whole point of places like this is for beta nerds to assert their place by basically saying 'hey, at least we're not like them'. i went through that phase, and i like to think i've grown out of it.
the women you see at anti-trump rallies are awash in obesity, masculine behavior, and utter repulsiveness. for this reason, i recommend that you completely stop having sex with trump haters.
the world was a terrifyingly unstable place in 2015, as its residents were forced to contend with such existential threats as isis and girls liking star wars.
the world would be a better place if more people wore trench coats and fedoras.
the worst form of racism in the uk is hatred of the english by people in scotland.
the worst thing about eating at dennys is the surrounding white guys conversation
the year is 1987. i am a university student. i have met a black person for the first time. he sold me weed, which i will soon share with the girl beside me. from what i have seen on the television, i know that africa is a wild place without a trace of civilization.
the zoning laws in my town prohibit me from keeping a dairy animal in my (very small) back yard, so i have had to make do with keeping a stash of butter in the freezer.
their pink himalayan sea salt grinder holds a full pound of salt.
then i feel it. she sticks her finger up my ass. my brain hits the panic switch and every muscle in my body locks up. but its too late.i let loose a massive, painful shit, all over her parents comforter. no, you arent understanding. i mean huge. immense. take your largest shit and multiple it by forty-two and youll have an idea of what flew out of me. and when i say flew, i mean hurricane force winds hitting an umbrella stand.
then i heard a hella loud farting noise and proceeded to diarrhea in my pants, i was so embarrassed and i looked up at her face and she was just disgusted and everybody was like what the hell is going on so i tried to get up and run away, but my legs didn't work. i couldn't move, and over the next thirty seconds or so my colon emptied really loudly.
then i washed my dick with a washcloth i brought with me, and dried it off with a towel i also brought. i was really satisfied. then we conversed the rest of the $150 hour; it was very pleasant. she is a mother of two; they're staying with her mama; papa bear ditched mia; it is very sad. she goes from town to town, and she is getting education for a better future along the way. her individual escort service is a quick spot of cash for her. god
then how about we just make everyone one member, then? i can like anime/megaman/whatever without being weird! the only reason i'm not that great at posting here is because i haven't read the rules!
there are also many people who have been trying to convince us that common core is not an issue related to gamergate and the consumer revolt as a whole. here is why those people are wrong.
there are exceptions - 'the thing' is six heads tall, but stan lee calls the character 'cute and cuddly' without irony - the character design, with the larger head, smaller height, does make the character far less threatening, than, say, the hulk (a very similar 'type' of hero.)
there are few things i find more repulsive than white folx listing off or describing rules to me, holding me to the exact letter of their rules as a way to teach me how to play nice and fair in a world that hates me.
there are many days i feel more like a girl than a guy. i cd a fair bit too. i've thought a great deal about it, but decided against it. in any case, i love my penis and wouldn't trade it for the world. it's that good. tgs shouldn't feel too paranoid about the dick 'problem' either - plenty of people (incl. myself) just can't get enough.
there are many issues faced by ace individuals that other members on the committee are not able to tackle. these include: a) ace erasure within lgbt+ spaces, and in campaigns - particularly in the sex positivity movement b) sexualised students events excluding ace students, i.e. clubbing, drinking games etc.
there are more banks than trans groups marching in london pride this year. just think about that for a second
there are no innocent civilians. it is their government and you are fighting a people, you are not trying to fight an armed force anymore. so it doesn't bother me so much to be killing the so-called innocent bystanders.
there are people who have more than one gender, at the same time (other bigender/trigender/pangender). further, in many cultures around the world, there is a specific and unique third gender which fills a special role in their society. none of these are identical to each other; all are different genders.
there are several facts to compare boys and girls which favour the notion that boys should remain in diapers and never be toilet trained. for boys who have been supposedly toilet trained, they should likewise go back to wearing diapers.
there are sticky, lint like objects in the area of my groin, and near the perineum. they smell like death. in fact, that is what my groin smells like, even after applying gold bond and lotrimin and taking a long bath.
there are surely concerns,as obsidian is swarming with sjws. pillars of eternity had its share of sjw debacle thanks to josh sawyer's caving in to their demands to remove a joke some tumblerina deemed offensive.
there are too many people who act like, on a fundamental level, a womans penis is exactly the same as a mans penis.
there are two personality types:†alpha/omega, m/f, light/dark, etc. there is a†continuity†between them, but†where they meet is { }. so†aspergers can never equal { }, no matter what. by looking at the aspergers set, (aspergers={s1, s2, s3...} where s=symptom), i could see that†aspergers=alpha+illness†-- specifically, illness of the†endocannabinoid system.
there has never been a first-rank woman artist. only men are capable of aesthetic greatness.
there has never been a single case of a christian (or jewish) conservative involved with lynching. in fact, at tea party events i've attended, blacks and mexicans (as long as they're legal) are treated quite well. conservatives simply don't see skin color...as long as the individual is also pro-god, pro-american, pro-life, pro-gun and anti-sodomy.
there is no ignoring the evident pride the celestials take in preparing and serving the viands which appear to have struck the fancy of the occidental.
there is something to be said for coding a hobby game project while listening to my little pony music!
there isn't anything wrong with escorts or prostitutes. there is probably more tall guys who use those services than short guys (if i had to guess). but yeah, deciding to hire a sex worker has nothing to do with height.
there was lots of soap in the bathroom: i am no expert on the subject, but the american soaps, with their penny-a-barrel 'perfume,' stunk worse than i did. they use violent odors to cover up the even more violent odors of their questionable ingredients, like rancid hog fat.
there was something like a 5-10 year period, before stalin took over, where the soviet union could have turned out well. it didn't :(
there was the lrh bridge, and it did work beautifully. it still does. you have to do it right, and it is a gradient, so you have to do the whole thing (you cant skip parts of it). but its hard to convince a post 1980s scn of that. i can tell you where that bridge leads to, and what you have to work with when you get there, but probably very few will understand what i say. it leads to ethics, and that is self-determinism.
there were a couple of freakonomic podcast about this...
there were also many counter-intentions from the crowd who wanted to see the huge blaze continue, and we discovered that that was what was keeping the fire going
there's a famous quote, 'before every good man is a good woman?' i tend to take that view, but i also tend to give it my own twist: 'behind every good woman is a devoted cuck.'
there's a furry fuck party going on in an abandoned circuit city on sunday, 5-8 in indianapolis. please rt for awareness
there's a sanctioned meditation practice called the raisin mediation where you sit with your eyes closed eating a single raisin completely while trying to only concentrate on the raisin and eating and nothing else, so maybe try that but with a bag of lays
there's hate for fedoras? i like fedoras...
there's loads of people into it. i go cruising with a wet nappy on. there's always at least one guy who thinks it's really hot. i'm coming back down here later for the after-party. last time i wore a soaking nappy and got in an orgy with ten guys.
there's no bigger turn-on than shitting yourself in public.
there's no class/socio-economic element to their relationship, so he's not a slave.
there's no conspiracy to keep people unemployed, it's simply evolution. the upside is that as more things become automated and cheaper, the easier it becomes to start a new business, among many other benefits.
there's only two holes down there. i assume it's from, uh, the 'derriËre'
theres also a lot of concern-trolling surrounding these public conversations about feedism. i am fully aware of the risks i take by eating to excess, and i probably understand nutritional science a lot better than you do because of my sexual interest in it. i am, however, a fully grown woman who is capable of making decisions that are right for me.
theres plenty of cost-benefit analysis in communism as well.  sometimes it can be even harsher since many communistic societies had no concept of minority rights.
theres times when i find my self eating late at night high and half awake, mindlessly stuffing my face with whatever i can find in the kitchen. i wish i could just lie in bed stoned, get stuffed full with delicious food and cuddled by a cute girl. when im about to pop im persuaded to be funnel fed weight gain shake.
therian and otherkin is just another way to believe a concept that we, as humans, have been trying to understand since the beginning of time.
these exchanges between a bigot named brendan sullivan, and a heroic troll named robert graves, will be the best thing you read all day, i promise.
these girls can't have me and it makes them fucking cry
these people are the same people that will slash my tires if i put a trump bumper sticker on my car. the worst oozing cruz or bush republicans don't do that. these neo liberals are out of control. shame they say shame shame shame! they are the sparrow fuckers.
thetans have different potential, so we don't want to invalidate anyone.
they also supported the russian revolution, although they quickly came to regret this, when the vampiric brujah installed the soviet union.
they frisked me and found my stash in my bosom and up my behind.
they have a date for the religious and pagan holidays, why no day for atheists? oh wait, they do, april fools day.
they have a thing called 'psychology' which is ridiculous.  they even force schoolchildren to learn it.  you won't believe this, but they believe matter created life.
they have no regard for the lives or the opinions of the scottish people. we are nothing more than a troublesome colony to them.
they probably use it in the same way /r/coontown use it, 'nigger' doesn't mean black in their vernacular but rather a useless, ignorant, uneducated and foolish person.
they should give allen west some super serum!
they treat me as a burden to drain of emotional labor and they make a big deal out of the care i need.
they were generally spoiled middle-class privileged pissbabies who projected all their kyriarchal values onto everything they heard. but yes, credit where credit is due, they were young at the time.
they're all fucking garbage that's why they got dissed
they're mind benders!&&newline<kevin> shrinks! they can put you in the slammer the rest of your life with no charges. you can't even turn state's evidence or plead the fifth! they've got no sense of legality but the law and fuzz is all behind them.
thin privilege is being able to travel without having your body policed.
thin privilege is never having to see a stranger pick up a chocolate bar, look at your body, then put it back down.
things that often confuse me as an aplatonic person: when people actually think they will still be talking with someone in ten years time???
think about it--whatever else it may be, it is not macho to be abdl, even for those who clearly, unambiguously identify as male. both the mtf trans person and the adult little girl embrace something denied to them as boys--softness (i seem to remember a quote by a prominent ab--probably tommy of dpf--which said exactly that.)
think essential oils, colloidal silver, manuka honey, toothpaste, shampoo, braggs apple cider vinegar, organic chicken food.
think of freekeh as a new ancient grain. it's been around for centuries, but only recently started growing in popularity. and for good reason! aside from tasting good, it's loaded with nutritional benefits. serving for serving, freekeh is higher in fiber and protein, and lower in calories than comparable grains, like quinoa and brown rice.  it also has a low glycemic index, making it a great option for people with diabetes.
think of it as 'my favorite games: the movie.'
think that there's nothing on this earth more holy than mixing your cum with your lover's or best bud's and feeling the white hot jizz bathe your pecs and your abs and cocks and balls in that pure and purifying male essence?  this is the place for you.
think you could ever try doing a 10, 15 or 20 thousand calorie day???&&newline<kevin> id have to have a lot of time to basically only eat. hard to do with how busy i am. is like to try a month off those days. i wonder how big id get? ;)
third, het aces arent straight. idk if maybe its because you have a fucking fly as your brain, but for the millionth fucking time straight is synonym to heteroromantic heterosexual, not heteroromantic asexual.
this /pol/ post kind of sums up what i think of the sjw crowd:
this 3-ingredient paleo hot chocolate is pretty awesome, pretty paleo and pretty perfect on a chilly night. it is sweet chocolatey goodness in a cup.
this 4.6% abv kˆlsch has been brewed with hops that have changed sex from female to male flowers prior to harvest. we have used these to emphasise that, just like humans, beer can be whatever the hell it wants to be, and proud of it.
this 9-year-old girl activated her third eye and can now read blindfolded
this bartz the light warrior has become foreverial tiedup bartz and he was fully delitized with his organs and inside and literally his whole body changed into a permanent living bologna version with permanent living bologna organs and insides and a permanent bologna, ham and cream cheese tongue.
this food hack makes home-cooked meals effortless
this thai quinoa salad brings all the crunch to the yard
this tumblr is hostile to respectability politics. if you cosign with the belief that acting, dressing, or speaking a particular way would make people treat you like a human being and undo systemic oppression, please unfollow immediately.
this zimmerman case, on the other hand, is something different. what we're witnessing is a blatant and obvious attempt to railroad an innocent man.
this account is run by organizing for action staff. tweets from the president are signed -bo.
this added to a library blank demolished by customs inspection, so no plastic packaging, book new non-destructive, low-out, please take the appropriate classification required, only this one, hereby contempt barbaric customs.
this also explains the whole media love affair with john mccain. he created a fighter pilot ready-room in the back of his bus and told off-color jokes and brought these former high school nerds into the circle of the cool guy. they were so thrilled that one of the jocks was finally paying attention to them that they just swooned.
this blog deals with god and diapers. it is written for all christians who have a diaper fixation. it is my hope that all who read it come away a christian. despite diapers you can be saved. god loves the adult babies too.
this blog is a place for people in the ageplay community to discuss depression and offer each other practical support. i draw on my own experiences with depression, and the shared experiences of friends and loved ones, to help myself and others find the path to recovery.
this blog is very nsfw in the sense of lewd content and the abolishment of wage labour and so i'd rather not minors follow me. terfs and their associates need to piss off forever, dont ever think about touching this blog.
this blog only supports memes created by the proletariat
this book is super transphobic. plus the recipes are so basic and boring (like...potato salad basic). they aren't even good vegetarians, there are literally recipes for fish in here. don't waste yr time/money
this burger idea started with a variety of tibetan momo i've been buying from a food truck in my neighborhood of jackson heights, queens.
this church is soo proud of itself that it will not allow public debate of its views! sounds like typical liberal thought they despise anyone who hinders what they feel are their rights. but you best not open your mouth about their incredibly warped deviant practices! gotta love it! hopefully some of these post will make it thru they censor all comments thru their website! typical libs and radicals
this country was founded on the principle that we are endowed by 'our creator.' the first amendment guarantees the right of religious liberty. god's truth is set-forth in the bible and no american who is faithful to god's truth has to apologize for or be silenced for living his truth. the shameful attacks on memories pizza is un-american and stalinist.
this crossed my mind the other day, does anyone at soylent or here have any suggestions for weeding out any fakes? i mean, there are multiple reasons for doing this, but i fear this could become a trend. i could leave a bottle of soylent open till mold grows on it, and then come whine on reddit trying to get some free soylent. i'm afraid this is already a fad, and this needs to be shut down.
this game contains adult content. by playing you confirm that you are 18 years or older. also, beware furries and futas.
this girl has no time for second-wave academic white feminist bullshit. consign the terf to the dustbin of history. intersectionality or fuck off.
this gradual change from fish to reptiles has no scientific basis. for the change, to have taken place many transitional forms would have been developed. however, no transitional fossils have been or will ever be discovered because god created each type of fish, amphibian, and reptile as separate, unique animals. any similarities that exist among them are due to the fact that one master craftsman fashioned them all.
this group is the most downstat and one gets assigned to it by being a freeloader, invisible on post, loafing and really goofing up on one's job.
this has been bothering me for a long while. i have gave it lots of thought, i want to be a girl. all my life i have dressed up, wore panties, girl goodnites etc. i have always wanted to go to the girls room not the boys. it's a life decision. i look very fem, just was wondering how many people seriously thought about this?
this holster fits my gun snugly, but not so tightly that i can't draw the gun as soon as i'm irked. it does produce a noticeable lump, but i tell people it's my colostomy bag. fits nicely over all belts, and the color means it goes effortlessly from daytime to evening wear.
this is daniel norris. hes from tennessee and is currently a pitcher for the toronto blue jays. he shaves with an axe, lives in a van, loves jesus, and drinks a lot of coffee. im swooning.
this is red pill 101 people. a young pretty white girl so oblivious to her female privilege and how much easier and pleasant her life is because of it.
this is a deadly serious activity. and if we miss getting out of the trap now, we may never again have another chance. remember, this is our first chance to do so in all the endless trillions of years of the past.
this is a fetish all about that exact fear. what is it? this! is! vore! *kicks you off a building and into something's maw*
this is a good plan but i just bought a house in idaho because prices are only gonna go up and it's only like a 5 hour drive into the city
this is a life-size statue of nikola tesla and it radiates free wi-fi.
this is a really odd thing to say. firstly, there's a moral judgement you're making - that 'the left' is good, and 'the right' is bad - in reality, both are valid political positions of which the extremes of either are bad.
this is a rune to help with gender feelings! if you would like to use it, and think it might help you, please feel totally free to use it :)
this is all lies. native americans saved the black slaves, especially the seminole tribe. afterwards they helped fight against europeans.
this is honestly pathetic. im a abdl and? this only encourages those lil juvinile abdl females to keep exploitng us with their porn and bullshit
this is how i figured out i'm a genderless being. &&newline<kevin> basically i just went on tumblr and learned about stuff.
this is how i ride. #jesusmusic on #max #turnedupforjesus lolz #worship #peaceful #windows #down #weave #blowing #in #the #wind lolz #beautiful #night #solodolo #malimusic #bass #tremble #deepbloodred at the end of the day, #worship is a #lifestyle. #authentic #worship. #spirit #truth #mygodisawesome #remix #yesss! before i got saved, lil wayne, jeezy, drake, plies, etc. use to flow through
this is legit. women are the hitlers of sex (especially if you count they way they treat unattractive ethnics, lke asians and indians).
this is like jessica alba saying that she wouldn't strip in sin city because she didn't want to be seen as just a sex object. jessica, you are just a sex object. that's all you have going for you.
this is my wwii german officer uniform, i use it for my dark!hetalia germany, hellsing: the dawn's herr major, and my historical reenactment impression.
this is not the first boycott call directed at jews. on 1 april 1933, only weeks after he came to power, hitler ordered a boycott of jewish shops, banks, offices and department stores.
this is sad! and you can thank your computer generated life. thank your laptops,notebooks,cell phones. times have changed,but i for one miss the simpler times..such as using a phone to call someone,not texting,facebook crap ,etc
this is seriously old news and it seems more like matt is trying to drum up sales for his book. driscolls choice of words aside, he's correct in how the world has become and how gender roles have been redefined... especially when viewed with biblical  teaching. we've slipped, mark called us out, and now folks are whining.
this is the first confirmation of rumors that had been going around for years about benedict being thwarted by a liberal conspiracy, one that eventually forced him out. poor pope benedict. my heart breaks for that good man.
this is the new norm, my mom watches hgtv, when they show a homosexual couple, i change the channel or leave the room. i believe that most people are pretty tolerant of people having alternate lifestyles, it is not something i am willing to accept in my living room nightly.
this is the path to knowing how to know, unlocking the gates to your future eternity. follow it.
this is the second time i've seen this stupid horse faced bitch in a thread of comments, starting flame wars.
this is the subtext of my life: 'you're bigger than i'd like you to be.' 'i dread being near you.' 'your body itself is a breach of etiquette.' 'you are clearly a fucking moron who thinks that cheesecake is a vegetable.' 'i know that you will fart on me.'
this is way more grim than any black metal band could ever dream of being, more brutal than just about any metal band i can think of... and i love metal. don't take this the wrong way but when you talk about something that just fucking pins you to the ground and fucks you in the ears like some of this sonic brutality does.
this is why i'm an objectivist - it's the only philosophy which gives a moral argument for property rights. (most libertarian and free-market thinkers argue on pragmatic grounds, which means they are willing to compromise in the manner you describe).
this is why the open sea is fucking terrifying. only beause we have no idea what kind of shit is down there and man oh man how i am not taking chances.
this is your daily reminder that steven is trans.
this isn't reddit. could you quit acting like it is? would be nice.  having that connection and linkage made would be great). i
this isn't the first time i've brought up strap-on sex, much to his distaste. my boyfriend is uncertain, but i'm persistent. 'just the tip?' i ask. 'i can always pull out if it gets too intense.... you know... if you like it too much.'
this isnt a joke. this is a real thing that is going to happen. 100,000+ north korean citizens are going to potentially get excuted over a group of liberal americans that want a pat on the back.&&newline<kevin> that was my first thought. if it lands in their yard, roof,property and they dont know and authorities find it. have mercy.
this makes me feel a sympathetic kinship with racists and homophobes from days past.
this man needs to preach the gospel....and stop pontificating climate propaganda based on politically motivated fraud......man-made climate change is agenda driven, and a lie promoted by a radical criminal enviro-political element....and is of very low importance to the american people with all of the other issues that face this country and planet....
this may sound odd, but women pick up entities or odd energies through the vaginal opening on a daily basis. men do not have this problem. the problem is worse for the women if they are out in the world, as opposed to staying at home, but it happens no matter where they reside and work.
this may, indeed,  be the most horrifying aspect of the family  its conditioning and our attempts to defend ourselves against it can scar us for life.
this might seem like such a dumb question but is it an affront to the palestinian cause/hypocritical of me as someone who is sympathetic to palestine to travel to israel to visit friends and thus fuel israel's tourism/economy/perpetuate it's illegitimate existence? i mean there are a lot of countries with corrupt governments i would still travel to, if that makes sense, but i just feel differently in this case and would love to hear your though
this morning i ate 6 slices of toast, 4eggs, 6 strips of bacon, 2 cups of milk, a xl chocolate bar, 4 poptarts and i was still starving so i went out to cracker barrel and ordered this, yay for second breakfasts!!
this new 'naturally flavored' powder now has sugar listed in the ingredients. we all know sugar is a processed food, which is not natural. the original natural formula that we all loved contained evaporated cane juice powder as the sweetener.
this one story i read involved a dude with a magic ring, extremely powerful relic that read his mind and granted every wish. he would go on to use it to shrink himself and look up womens skirts or something. but before he does that, he accidentally wisheshimself a vagina, and hes taken aback by it, but one of the first things he does is masturbate withit, and have an amazing orgasm (girl orgasms, anybody?), and i found this part extremely
this one was taken back in april of 2007 when i weighed about 375 pounds, and now i'm about 400 pounds, and loving every pound of it!
this parrot shits on crappy bands like black veil brides, blood on the dance floor, brokencyde, avenged sevenfold, and korn. ?
this particular blog is my space for raising kink awareness, promoting sex- and kink-positivity, and discussing social and gender issues through the perspective of a radical egalitarian kinkster.
this post is brought to you by target. with helping hands, target is committed to building healthy and sustainable communities.
this post was made possible by my patreon. if you enjoyed it, consider supporting me!
this recipe comes with two stories: one, how we happened upon a bustling rosemary pant for just $2.50. and two, how we found a new restaurant in downtown wichita that feels nothing like kansas and everything like portland, oregon. two terrific discoveries if you ask us
this room is a pronoun-free zone
this seems like a fair finding to me. the chokehold was illegal, and it is dangerous, but it was only applied for a few seconds, not long enough to kill. most likely what killed mr. garner, i think, was the partial weight of about five cops on his torso once he was on the ground. his health was terrible, and this stress, combined with a rapid heart rate and so on, could easily have
this show is really hit or miss with me, some of the call in bits are god awful. that guy who says just whacky shit and pretends its normal is the worst for me, ' oh yeah, that's my monster...' so weird. i heard him on a best show best calling in as tom's brother, with an equally bad schtick.
this social justice movement really boils my blood. i just want to stop being pushed to think and feel things i have no inclination to think and feel. i want the work to matter again not the intentions behind it.
this song makes me want to step on a thousand shirtless men while wearing high heels
this sort of thing is exactly why, miro, i keep stressing in my feedback to you that sayako's balls need to be treated as being as much of a 'character' in their own right as sayako's cock (and sayako's body language, mannerisms, expressions and character quirks) is made out to be.
this user is proud to be a nerd, although they prefer not to brag and often goes incognito without a pocket protector.
this user rejects feminist dogma in all its forms. this user supports a constitutional amendment to outlaw abortion in the usa. this user is a masculist. this user knows that the mainstream media is just a brainwashing tool.
this virtually never happens as most organizations have strict policies regarding who can become a member; only sex workers can join peer-based organizations.
this was a steamy story between step-daughter & step-daddy. very erotic! only downside is i wish it was longer! :-(
this was my first time at a gay resort. it has been remarkable. the rooms are well decorated, the service is top notch, the location is centrally located to dozens of points of interests. the staff bends over backwards to ensure you're relaxed and well taken care of. the resort itself has a communal atmosphere. it is a great place to relax and enjoy yourself.
this was one town that didn't go quietly into the night when the un troops arrived to begin the nwo takeover! the story follows a handful of people through the events, including two families from opposite sides of the social spectrum, and a team of army soldiers who are reluctantly carrying out orders -- until enough is enough!
this was supposed to be the year of me; i was making best social progress with the mary tyler moore hairstyle, with better self-confidence; gone in a snip snip snip of my mother's claws. i also have retrieved the hair clippings shortly after the tragedy, gathered them in a clump, wrapped the clump in a plastic wrap, put it in a plush, satin-like baggie, attached a necklace to it, and i am wearing my clippings as a charm
this whole bottle flipping fad has turned me into a bitter adult now. like: 'this is the stupid shit kids are.... oh dear lord.'
this whole fuck 'cis people' coming from white people is so problematic.
this widely acclaimed biography provides a vivid  and riveting account of stalin and his courtierskillers, fanatics,  women, and childrenduring the terrifying decades of his supreme power.  in a seamless meshing of exhaustive research and narrative ?lan, simon  sebag montefiore gives us the everyday details of a monstrous life.
this woman sticking up for her fat-shamed boyfriend is the ultimate example of #relationshipgoals
this woman sticking up for jokes
this workshop is for sex workers of all types and their allies to learn about how they can incorporate herbs into their lives and the lives of their loved ones. we will cover herbs that can be used to calm your nerves if you had a difficult client as well as herbs that can be used to help protect against yeast infections, stds, and stis. we will learn how to make herbal enemas and douches,  diy lubes and salves for bruises, cuts and scrapes. we
this. this is why harry potter will always be one of the best things to happen. i am in tears.
this... might actually get me to start listening to a podcast. i love klein and yglesias, and vox has been one of my go-to news sources for the last several months.
thom yorke takes on oil companies and politicians in letter to father christmas
thoroughly revolted as i am by the paedophiliac society with all its professed aims, i feel i cannot be alone this week in being almost as disgusted by the spectacle of a tory mp dangling his victim over the slavering jaws of the media.
those labels are valid because i use them. any label is valid in regards to gender and sexual/romantic orientation.
those of us who believe tea is just as deserving of our obsession as coffee, wine, or booze owe it to ourselves to see just how diverse those tastes can be.
three-ingredient sunbutter cookies - coffee & quinoa
through orientalism, a kimono, hanbok, ao dai, and qipao become one and the same; and the 45 million people killed under mao zedongs leadership become a cute, army-green jacket and a pop-art warhol print.
tied up after a distressingly large meal no choice except to let it digest and convert to fat, no?
tim allen has been a fairly vocal critic of the disturbing rise in authoritarian thinking among the political left. the fact that he's a lifelong leftist hasn't stopped morons like trooner man from calling him a nazi.
time to cream yourselves over sparkly bras: it's the victoria's secret fashion show liveblog
time went on, but every time we had sex i wondered if he was thinking of babies. one day i decided to hop on an adult baby chat room and see if someone would answer some questions.
tis wiser to be thought of not there and leave quietly then to be thought of as a jabbering fool blinded by his own narrow view
titties boobies melons ta-tas juggs and sweater meat!
tkfw you sometimes get freaked out when you talk bc your voice is different now
tkfw you think your gf is just pretending to be kin of your s/o in a few different canons. :/
tkfw you want people to treat you better because hey! i'm a princess here! but then you realize you're just acting selfish :,)))))
tkfw you're a trans male in this life and kin with grell (trans female) and you're hearing about this scary stuff on the news and you feel twice as terrified
tkfw you're kin with someone from undertale(who remembered resets) and you have absolutely no clue how many runs you are from. like, mems just keep popping up and i'm at like 4 now, and no one else seems to be from that many
tkfw you're the only person you've ever heard of that is sea cucumber kin, and you feel so alone
tkfw your snarl isn't that terrifying and you sulk about it
to israel and bibi, we are so sorry. i am sorry for president obama and the way he is treating you. i am sorry that enough of our citizens vote without doing their homework.
to a man 2+2=4. and of course, that's actually true. to a woman 2+2= whatever the group consensus says it does, or whatever is most popular, or whatever answer is easiest right now, and so forth.
to all of the pro-communism folks: watch the hunger games. reconsider your choices.
to all the hillary gloaters, i'll tell you one thing: r/politics is, and always will be, bernie territory. our territory. the mods of r/politics have formally endorsed senator sanders for president. we will continue to control the front page with positive bernie news. so before you start talking shit and bragging about your bitch's win, i'll have you know we're well versed in downvote
to all you weird and wonderful 1d bloggers out there, i dont quite understand your love, but i respect it, and im sorry the obviously hot one is leaving.
to be chivalrous. every man should carry a handkerchief. a clean handkerchief. nothing says i am here and i intend to take care of you than being able to offer a lady a hankie. funerals, sad movies, even taking care of a child's runny nose. the art of being a man is so much lost that the art of manliness even has a post on why real men should carry a hankie. step up and have a hankie.
to be frank, the feeling of wetting diapers is awesome. the humiliation, the naughtiness and the warmth of doing it yourself, or seeing others is a key factor for diaper enthusiasts.
to borrow a phrase from the campus left, darwinism is used to otherize certain people of traditional faith  and the politicians who want their vote.
to drink fluoride free water, add holy basil in ur water. even if some don't believe that the government is poisioning us... holy basil is still super benefical. just look up all the benefits smile
to make this pasta sauce extra decadent-tasting, add a tablespoon or two of vegan butter into the sauce.
to me the attraction is in the health aspect. i like healthy girls, and barefooting is very good for you, so to me, any girl who shows her appreciation towards both the barefoot lifestyle as well as her own well-being is automatically attractive to me.
to start, i am a libidoist asexual, who is at least partially autistic.
today i left the house and did a thing. and i did it by myself! might not be a huge thing for most of you, but it definitely was for me! and part of what got me going today was knowing that underneath my t-shirt & jacket lurked super fat sporty spice! so i had to share my magnificence with you all once i got home.
today i am grateful for japan being so central to video games. can anyone explain their secret ninja ability to resist sjw subversion? (self.kotakuinaction)
today i am tiny and weak. it seemed as a troll
today i saw a post on fantasy feeder about a supplement called chromium picolinate and its potential benefits with regards to both helping to keep blood sugar levels in a good range and promoting healthy weight gain. that brought to mind some other supplements i have read about that can help to promote weight distribution to certain areas.
today im excited to share this recipe i created in collaboration with capay valley ranchesÆ. as always, all opinions written are purely our own. were incredibly grateful for opportunities like these that allow us to continue sharing delicious recipes with you, so thank you for supporting us and the brands we love. oh! and be sure you dont miss the amazing giveaway at the end of this post. :)
today my mom mentioned that my girlfriend had gained a lot of weight and told me that i should help her get thinner. little does my mom know that shes a gainer and im her feeder.
today someone told me about how their sister used to work in a hospital that provided abortions. she said that she could hear the aborted babies,that hadnt died yet, crying in the trash cans. if there was ever a reason to be prolife this is it. because no child should be thrown out with the trash.
today the system and philosophy of institutionalized racism identified by dr. king no longer exists. what causes young men such as dylann roof to erupt in homicidal rage, whatever their motivation, is a problem that defies explanation beyond the reality that evil still stalks humanity.
today, i fucked up... by punching my 5 year old in the face and knocking him out
today, i look like my bitstrips avatar, i now posess pink glasses as of yesterday - i only just need a pink longsleeve shirt and a pink bandana around my neck - also rocking my bdsm collar and have black leather medical restriant cuffs on my wrists.
todays gender of the day is: the mona lisas smile
todays gender of the day is: professor hershel laytons green shoes.
todays hallucination of the day is: that one brightly colored bird i see talking french to the passer-bys
toilet training? what? and miss out on all the fun of wearing diapers?
top 10 trans women who drag their big dicks behind them and leave a tail of cum
top 5 kickstarter pens
topless male nudity is offensive to me, and to others as well i am sure. it should be socially appropriate for all men to wear a (sports) brassiere!
toro y moi has designed a bottle of wine  listen to the playlist he made for drinking it
tortilla stuffed with white chocolate chips, marshmallows, and pb, then fried in butter.
total up every single person who died in both cities as a result of the nuclear blasts and any aftereffects from radiation and it's still a tiny amount compared to the mass slaughter that was enacted by the japanese empire.  so don't post about how barbaric nuking japan during wwii was, because it was well deserved.
totse or bust, negro! also stileproject, before it got honeypot'd due to those fake snuff films (i must have killed 90 kittens to those.)
tpfw everyone thinks you're just being edgy when you say that you lack empathy and you do not care for others.
tpfw you start thinking that the government (or someone) puts cameras in squirrels so they can always keep track of where you are or watch what you're doing
tpfw your friend vents to you about their depression, but when you wanna talk about your psychosis they call you 'crazy' or 'weird'.
tpfw your gender and sexuallity is heavly influenced by your mental illness and this makes the feel less valid because mental illness shouldnt define you.
traditional medicinal teas are herbal supplements designed for common, self-care type conditions. they cannot be used to restore,correct, prevent, mitigate, cure, or treat disease states.
trans men are assigned female at birth, they are not 'biologically female' (lmao, the whole concept of biological sex is flawed). gender is something that is imposed on you throughout your life, it is not something you were born with. it develops, for some people.
trans people exist. gender exist in almost every species and trans animals exist.
trans women face misogyny as well. or did you fail to notice how caitlin was treated the moment she became herself?
trans women need feminism probably more than you or i ever will.
trans women! want a dildo? sign up for our scholarship list by emailing collectqtoys@gmail.com @qt_toys
trans women. two words. and cox is drunk on conditional cis privilege. though it does take intelligence to sell non-operative trans women down the river like shes done repeated times.
trans women hate trans men because men hate women.  trans women hate you and resent you because you are female. trans women think that you should be torn into, because you are female.  they hate you.
trans-on-trans oppression is still a cis problem
transmisogyny is a reproductive justice issue! violence against tw is a reproductive justice issue!
tribadism is easy with a piercing on my taint where my clit is, city boy.
trigger warning: i love being catholic; and i play medieval music on a wire-strung harp!
tristan letscher monetizeyourcat and ohnoproblems are the two people that did the same thing to me steve weird wild world. that speaks highly of their ideas.
trotskyism was at least created by a person who genuinely believed in what he was spewing rather than a cynical paranoid and an uncaring asshole. plus, unlike those two, it doesn't have the record of a state using it and failing because trotsky never managed to really implement his ideas, and in fact was killed over them.
trucker bombs are why we can't have flying cars. not to mention too many people can't drive in 2 dimensions.
trucking and airlines in the late 70s and 1980 are examples of deregulation that actually worked really well, especially in comparison to a lot of other forms of deregulation
true, girls are usually very adept at concealing their flatulence, but, admittedly, once in awhile they do slip, and even in the kevinian world, this is forgivable. i was 9 or 10 years old before i heard one of my sisters fart. it was a big surprise to me, since i had never witnessed any girls farting in school, either.
trump is a leftist, despite his recent rhetoric. cruz's talk of free-market capitalism and abiding by the constitution used to be considered mainstream. nowadays he is the extremist. may god save us all!
trump wants a race war. bernie wants a class war. cruz wants a religious war. hillary wants us to forgive, unite, & build a better future.
truscum fundamentally misunderstand gender, sex, and why treatment for dysphoria is hard to obtain, and need to focus on actually making that treatment easier to obtain instead of attacking other trans people, which can be accomplished most completely by supporting the people they spend so much time attacking.
truscum need tofucking stop harrassing trans people fucking goddammit. id rather have people wonder if they are trans, call themselves trans and maybe find out they are actually cis later than to chase out trans people from being trans. all truscum are disgusting. truscum are a betrayel to the trans community. you all should feel bad about yourselvs.
try convincing a nerdy, overweight white male high-school student who's never kissed a girl that he occupies a position of privilege compared to the popular girls at school.
tumbles the stairdragon is the name given by certain members of the furry fandom to a furry[who?] who tried to commit suicide at furry weekend atlanta 2007 after being ejected from an furry convention room party.
tumblr.txt is an exercise in seeing how close you can get to bullying gay children and still get adults onboard laughing
tumbr.txt actually held me back from realizing i was trans because i associated the kind of transness i needed with the bad side of tumblr
turns out that marx got it backward. communism evolves into capitalism, not vice versa.
twitter explodes with memes when drake gets pranked on 'ellen'
two extraordinarily important tasks confront our nation: the protection and improvement of the moral, mental and
two weeks later i find out i had chlamydia. i knew i got it from him but we had a good friendship and i didn't want to ruin it or have him accuse me of giving it to him so i just didn't fuck him again until over a year later. i was hoping he'd of found out within that year, but he didn't. we fucked two more times and after the second time i found out i had chlamydia again. didn't tell him again. i waited another year, then fucked
u a nigggggaaaaaaaa ass beyotch!!! die fuckerrrr!! ill stab ur fuckin pussy if u keep being a naughty cunt haha do you want daddy to tie you up and fuck your whore mouth u disgusting bitch?!! huh?!! i will choke you with my cock
u can't get swine flu fr eating pork. eatup. regardless of epidemic
un says veganism can save the world from destruction&&newline<kevin> currently, agriculture, particularly meat and dairy products, account for 70 percent of the worlds freshwater consumption. it also accounts for 39 percent of the globes total land use and 19 percent of its greenhouse gas emissions. importantly, as the population grows, the impact from agriculture will substantially grow as well, thanks to the increasing consumption of anim
un universal declaration of human rights is great but misses out on an important right: free trade.
un-educated american, quote. 'just think about it, in real life, if like the united states somehow, i dunno how the laws would work, but if they just decided that we where going to attack everyone instead of trying to protect people.' fuck, you. unsubscribed american tyrants. educated yourself for christ sake.?
unpopular opinion: let's worry less about banning thin bodies and more about fat discrimination
update: its about an hour later, but after i finish this last glass of coke ill have eaten all of this. my stomach is so stuffed and im pretty sure im waddling around now. oooof.
us presidential candidate of transhumanist party; author of bestselling novel 'the transhumanist wager'
us-uk intervention offered iraq a better future. whatever west's mistakes: sectarian war was a choice iraqis made for themselves.
udderly delicious: milk goes beyond the glass
ugh being a spirit in a human body sucks moajorly! like i cant get anything done :/ like im all floaty. maxx says im dr;dp which is true cuz nothing is really real becuase earth right? this is so ugh. humans am i rihgt?
ugh no, but i decided i needed to transition in the middle of sex whilst on acid. it was really weird
ugh. waste of my time. you know what i'm talking about, boom! boom! i'm not a nigga so stop referring to everyone that way.
ughhh youre so talented! im so jealous of you haha and your channel is sooo cute also youre really gorgeous!
uh did y'all know about this @collectqt thing that employs @qtpoc techies toward social media revolution????????????
uh you are ignoring nb people who want a more androgynous body but not completely in one direction, like people who take hormones to affect their fat distribution without getting bottom surgery, or people who get top surgery only.
uh, hello? the hula-hoop anyone? it dates back to ancient egypt! i'm telling you, anything that can teach a girl to do that with her hips is not just a childrens' toy.
uhm excuse me but trans women have a right to hate cis women because the anger of the oppressed is not the same as that of their oppressors and cis women have privilege and trans women do not.
ultimately, our goal is to create a new counter-culture; a generation of strong and resilient young men, a new aristocracy capable of opposing and replacing our current ruling caste of suicidal and/or parasitic elites.
um panphobia is a very real thing that i and many other people face daily from the gay community. you don't understand the discrimination from everyone that pansexuals and panromantics get. you could never understand, so don't tag hate with pansexual
um, so this is the 2nd article critiquing capitalism to make the front page in 2 days. is it too soon to spam the 'it's happening' gif?
um, sweetie?  as a person who's been led out in public on a collar you can fuck right off with ur judgement lol thanks
umpqua oats is super premium oatmeal made of the finest ingredients.
understand : no mistress is ever poor because 'of expense'. she's poor because she sucks at sucking cock. it's only expensive because we're really done with them. otherwise, they'd be a 'great investment'.
undoing sex: against sexual optimism
unfortunately i suffer a little lbl (little bladder leakage) when i laugh which then turns on the tears of laughter, so i usually have a little mess to clean up which ever way i go lol and unfortunately not all keyboards are tear proof, so you can add sparks to that. lol
unique imports located in wesfield southcenter is looking for a part-time sales associate. we carry a variety of unique imported products from around the world. if you have a few years of retail sales experience and have knowledge/interest in weaponry (swords & knives handling plus sales) and anime/cosplay products, please apply in person. please visit our store to pick up an application in person!
unironicly would consider buying an apartment building to house, and contracting food and basic services for, my employees, if i could use that as a way to pay them less. ah, well. a man can dream.
unless i have those balls removed shit is gonna get worse
unless youve visited the fish farm yourself and approve of their practices, then wild-caught seafood is the way to go.
unlike heller, i am not a religious person.  i knew too much about psychology to really believe in anything but crude matter.
unlike morons would lead you to believe, a confederacy has nothing to do with slavery. a federal government has a strong central government with weaker state governments. a confederate government has a weak central government with larger state governments.
unlike the crisp and fluffy texture of fried pork rinds, pickled pork rinds are very rich and buttery, much like foie gras.
unlike the elite media, conservatives and christians are the true liberals.
unpopular opinion time: a lot of the hate ayn rand gets is because she was a womyn. the shit she says about self interest actually is very similar to other theories men have put forward and it is very telling that that is the thing she is most hated for.
until then, i urge you to say no to all women who hate trump. not only do you reward anti-american behavior, but you make it way easier to meet girls who you genuinely like. use donald trump as a device to make your sex life great again.
unvaccinated children are less likely to be autistic because they are more likely to be dead
up there are the stars. down in the arsenal is an atom bomb.&&newline<kevin> which one is it going to be?
upon arrival at the rest stop i set out to use the restroom (my diapers were full).
upon further research, it seems she's on hrt, which would validate that she really is transgender. no one's gonna pony up for the meds just for oppression cred.
upon walking up i looked at the idea of a big basket of fries customized to my choosing...a deep breath....daddy's home!
urine therapy is self-sufficiency and that is a problem for those who wish to enslave us, economically or otherwise. when i fight, i am empty. i do this by not eating, and drinking all my urine until i defecate (poop) pure urine. i call it urine flushing, and yes, basically i piss out of my ass. that's how i know i'm empty and all my energy is available for the task at hand.
use your logics to think 'why would they do that'? things here aren't as clear as in 00 and other series. but this is why it is so much fun.
usually my fantasies of those putting on weight end with them maybe around just chubby, but never full-on immobile (even though i dont mind looking at immobile art. its art. anything goes.) i
v-day sux when bae is dracula.
v10s around a track for two weeks. i now fuck hookers as often as once or twice per week, but my long term average would not be anywhere near as frequent due to ltrs and periods where my disposable income is low (i should probably also point out that i live in europe and half an hour with 21yo hb8 can be had for around us$80 if you shop around online).
valentines day on social media, is the equivalent of everyone running up to you on the street, and bragging about how awesome their partners are. fuck all of you! single shaming pricks!
vegan big mac with a chickn patty at @doomies #vegan (at doomies home cookin)
vegan buttermilk
vegan culinary activism in 10 yummy steps
veganism is not about giving anything up or losing anything; it is about gaining the peace within yourself that comes from embracing nonviolence and refusing to participate in the exploitation of the vulnerable
vegeta was a complete psycho early on. i get character development and making db more of a comedy series (again) and all, but i miss the days when he'd murder a child onscreen and cackle instead of just being vaguely grouchy/tsundere.
verizon wireless mobile living recently interviewed me about my site, my family, and how i use my smartphone. (or possibly over-use, according to my wife). plus, as a bonus, youll learn the #1 cause of toddler meltdowns.
very fast service, living in florida you have to be able to find a good chinese meal.
very obviously for some people the answer was that fear needed to be faced an self happiness out weighs any 'pain' others may have.  more than any other reason, that is why when i see another trans man or woman i smile brightly and say bravo, for at this moment, they were able to make a decision that i still struggle with everyday.  to me they are the complete embodiment of strength.  i have total hero worship of them :)
very quickly my pokemon catching dreams were obliterated by the unfortunate reality that exist for a black man in america. i realized that if i keep playing this game, it could literally kill me.
very well reasoned piece on why a couple foreign policy gaffes aren't the end-all, and why we need gary johnson at the debates. #letgarydebate
victoria. 22. married. lesbian.
victorian secrets: what a corset taught me about the past, the present and myself
video stops before cop turns him into a cheese grater. which is unfortunate, because really, why deny us the simple joys in life. like watching a guy earn a darwin award.
vintage ikea
violet ::: she/her pronouns if yr cis, msg me if yr trans and u want my preferred pronouns ::: do not reblog my read mores without asking ::: more info on my abt and tags pages ::: i also have a trans women only blog, feel free to message me for the...
volcanoes, believed by scientologists to be used by xenu to murder billions of thetans, are a prominent symbol frequently used in scientology.
vote now- get trans lives matter on pbs
vulnerability is another important aspect that the author goes on to address, which is something we speak a lot about in /r/redpillwives. i actually wrote a thread a long while back called 'practicing vulnerability' that delves a bit into how to walk down that path if it's not something that comes naturally to you.
wait are there really hypnosis videos on youtube that will hypnotize you into being a lesbian. brb
war on christmas: starbucks red cups are emblematic of the christian culture cleansing of the west
warning evangelical christians, zionists, and cisgender people! you are my class enemy. you're the oppressor class of translatinxs. expect to be treated as such. stop attacking my facebook account! fucking assholes! stop pushing me to suicide.
we've moved on from lsd to est to nlp to aarp :)
white women to me have the most sexy legs really ?
why do people!!! kinkshame????? oh my god its literally not your business! youre being a child
wrong! tea party doesn't even touch the social issues with a 10 feet pole. gays are naturally independent and resourceful, sounds like the tea party, doesn't it? most of them are decent who want to left alone to do whatever makes them happy. of course a few bad apples give a blemish to the good ones.
wtf i dont go in court and bring up the right to travel......what for????? they got no standing to make a claim against me lmao....they will say the state(body politic) is the victim......there own statute and state constitution define victim.....its not what they want you to think lol.....then they cant do **** till i appear and before i do that i got questions.....if they dont answer my questions im not being fully di
wait do people hate brown moses now, i thought most goons cheered on his journalistic acumen in reporting stories wholesale from tweets of random people in warzones.
wait that jonah and the whale thing is actually in the bible?
wait why would we have to give up metroid fusion? adam only shows up as an ai, and there's no mention of what's between samus's legs/ her birth certificate.
wait, how can you celebrate norway day without a diaper on? you're not a commie are you?
wake up call to shift my focus from jerking off to improving my life. unlock your hidden powers http://i.imgur.com/sbgth1z.jpg
wake up to the truth! the aliens are amongst us - interfering with us and our world. but who is in the know? what aren't the rest of us aware of? help bring the pieces of the puzzle together here.
want a bigger butt?! hop oil.
want to help @qt_toys get materials to create some wickedly hot octo-mermaid prototypes? send theopheliablack@gmail.com an amazon giftcard!
want to jack off together some time? our friend august said to my husband, jeff, one night over the phone. he invited jeff to masturbate with him as casually as he might ask him to lunch. its not a gay thing. its an indian blood brothers thing, he added.
was the guy who revolutionized five industries and touched the lives of billions of people some nefarious traitor because he held so much money offshore? of course not. moreover, i would suggest that going offshore is actually patriotic.
was this video sped up? wtf, anyways 2015 i want you to lose weight come back as skinnyman or funnyman or even better musclemaaaan ughhhhhh yeaaaaahh folks' aaannd rigghht now, ima curl this dumb bell 40 times'!!
watch freaks and geeks, an awesome show from a more peaceful time
watch the stars of hamilton and harry potter come together to rap for a good cause.
watching lilith fair on vh1 probably made me secretly daydream about being female and having noone to confide to, i almost reached a breaking point.
watching the frontline episode on the opiode epidemic and it's reaffirmed my unpopular opinion that these social programs should be offering to put the junkies out of their suffering. would save everyone involved a lot of pain, time, and money, plus eliminate the huge externalities these people have on the community around them that the documentary apparently didn't care to talk about.
watching the people and conversation within gamergate, it is actually the closest i've ever seen to mlk's dream in the world.
watching the trailers for mgsv makes you wonder if the spirits of dostoyevsky, stanley kubrick, and caravaggio entered hideo kojima's body because, using the art of gaming as his canvas, he boldly goes where no one has gone before.
water? but shen is of drink coffee.
watermelon water&&newline<kevin> faith had to stop and talk to the people from juisi, who make this not-too-sweet watermelon water. she had seen it at the airport before, but never in stores. they're going to start selling online soon.
way to generalize there, artist. first of all, if you don't believe in god, you don't believe in the devil. i know because i'm an atheist myself.&&newline<kevin> second of all, japan is very accepting of non-religious people. third, i'm an atheist and i like anime.
ways i know you're a trans girl 1) trans denial beard 2) you came to this reading 3) your shoes 4) look of utter woundedness in your eyes
we  see stalin playing his deadly game of power and paranoia at debauched  dinners at black sea villas and in the apartments of the kremlin. we  witness first-hand how the dictator and his magnates carried out the  great terror and the war against the nazis, and how their families lived  in this secret world of fear, betrayal, murder, and sexual degeneracy.  montefiore gives an unprecedented understanding of stalins  dictatorship, and a
we also believe in twerking, good food, good sex, disability justice, that fat is flava and that all bodies deserve some radiantly luscious anti-colonial healing.
we always tease mom about her annoyed stance concerning warehouse shopping clubs
we are armeline and joli, queer ladies in love who are†clinging desperately to our little raft in the portland housing crisis sea. our passions include slam poetry, weird†music, indie video games, joli's darling 7-year-old daughter, and cute post-modern witchcraft. meanwhile this city is remarkably reluctant to employ a couple of nonbinary†trans girls,
we are springfield. we are simpsons. matt groening is a god. dan castallaneta, yeardley smith, nancy cartwright, julie kavner, hank azarea, and harry shearer are some of the best satirists, improvisers, and voice actors who ever lived.
we are committed to maintaining our core values of integrity, respect, quality, service, creativity and teamwork in pursuit of achieving this goal.
we are the new free spirits, the new lovers, the new revolutionaries. we are the children of the herb, the sisters of the ganja and the brothers of the pipe. we are just passionate kids with an idea of living life another way.
we believe in an anti-colonial framework of healing that centers people of color & indigenous knowledge, the brilliance of disabled bodies, and is all about the queers; sex positive & critical of professionalism & the fee for service model.
we believe that medicine is media, and we work with the understanding that how we heal ourselves is directly related to how we see and interpret ourselves and the possibility for transformation.we are aware that the body does not live forever, and that we honor death as a part of the cycle of life
we call it the pink bucket. such a great value for the price. it gets very foamy and it cleans the pans really well. i will definitely buy again.
we can all create healthier relationships with porn by supporting better porn. check out the feminist porn awards or indie porn revolution, both of which aim to create more authentic and diverse porn. read about cindy gallup and her make love not porn crusade.
we can not even how to figure out how to rebuild the pyramids like the egyptians. want to know why? they were smarter and their foods were rich in minerals and vitamins .they did not have an epidemic of adhd in society which has also been linked to iodine deficiency.
we can't give you any votes, because we haven't more than enough to go around now, but we'll treat you the way a father should treat his children if we have to break every bone in your bodies. so come to our arms, says we
we could have exterminated the russians forever when we had the only nuclear arms. we could have spent a few years accumulating atomic bombs. hindsight is 20/20, but in hindsight it would have been unambiguously the right thing to do.
we deplore the crop of young women who take war as an excuse for.. parading about in slacks.
we didnt set out to be superheroes. but sometimes life doesnt go the way you planned.
we encourage other sites, blogs and news outlets to stand in solidarity with those targeted by the terf movement over the past 40 years by sharing new (and old) content regarding the terf movement with the #terfweek tag. we encourage members of the diverse communities affected by the terf moment to begin to talk about how this group has affected your community and share the #terfweek tag on your social media.
we ended up on tumblr dot txt! i just noticed, lol ps: to whoever made that comment, you're super cool! i don't feel bad/offended about being on this twitter.
we eventually discover that the quest for taoist immortality, buddhist enlightenment, confucian sagehood, psychological self-actualization or the great work of the goddess are all essentially the same. each of them has to do with tending to the fundamentals of life.
we have a bunch of dead white guys on our money. you have a fucking queen on yours. stop complaining. be happy.
we have a private us company that has said they're on the cusp of fusion energy, which would not only transform energy use on this planet but could get us to other planets and beyond. we have ibm who has watson, a supercomputer that will partly be devoted to trying to find efficient ways to improve africa. how about cuba, they got anything brewing to tackle climate change?
we have already established that it is the responsibility of every government to ensure the safety and security of its people. if political leaders and military experts determine that the only way to achieve its goal of sustaining quiet is through genocide is it then permissible to achieve those responsible goals?
we have long acknowledged the slavery of blacks. we have yet to acknowledge the slavery of males.
we just really need to push the idea of relationship anarchy into the open because i think that it will help a lot of people form better and healthier relationships.
we know that diabetes is the result of a person lacking the ability to produce insulin. it is well known and scientifically proven that a lack of insulin will result in diabetes. likewise, should not a lack of melanin have a resultant hindrance? to deny the effect of a melanin deficiency suggests melanin has no biological function.
we launched rev60, part of the reason it took so long was gamergate. you know, they have gone to the steam reviews. steam doesn't care. the entire thing is a nuclear nightmare.
we lose track of the fact that sexuality is a fluid spectrum and not an increasingly specific series of rigid categories. if a label brings you comfort, wear it, but its ok to never fit a label too. that doesnt mean you dont have yourself figured out. you can know your feelings without labeling them.
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for otherkin children.
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children. because the beauty of the white aryan woman must not perish from the earth.
we must try, anyway, because if we are going to hold on to the orthodox christian faith in this increasingly anti-christian culture, we are going to have to learn how to endure, and to endure joyfully.
we need to call them racists. racists again religion. call them bigots against the bible. unless these people feel any negative consequences for their outrageous behavior, they'll continue it.the conservative movement needs to start using the liberals' tactics against them.
we need to do better for people like me
we need to tear down this shitty idea that you need to be trans to participate in trans spaces. it needs to be enough that you are looking at your gender, it needs to be enough that you think maybe.. just maybe im trans.
we originally created the house un-american activities committee to go after nazis.
we really do believe in employing that stealth health approach.
we touched briefly on the subject of hormones but we both agreed to readdress that later down the road.  for me it is a matter of mommie an i wanting to have a baby before i can start them.  for her, she wants to work on some of my other health issues first.  we both believe that realistically it will probably be about a year before i can start hrt.
we treasure our personal freedoms in america, and unfortunately, occasional mass shootings, as horrific as they are, is one of the prices that we pay for the freedoms that we enjoy.
we ultimately decided to not tell our mother about feeling like a robot tonight
we usually buy organic quinoa from costco. we go through it quickly so buying it in bulk is the best bang for our buck. on our last trip there, we found sonoma valley organic ancient blend, which is a blend of quinoa, amaranth, and milletall gluten free. major. score.
we wake the patient up with drugs-benzedrine, caffeine, better ones will be invented. as he recovers mental function, to reach back a little ways into his past, we begin to alleviate. then we finally find the reactive mind plot.
we were just discussing this broad in an anti-social justice warrior group i'm part of on facebook.
we were married within a week of meeting each other, and had a baby on the way by the end of that month (yes, we are that much in love - and yes, it's still like that after 12 years). my wife was an orphan, and had no family support. i didn't know about her disability at the time, and there was an additional racial element (she's black, i'm white) that resulted in a lot of social stigmatization, including, sadly, my family's c
we were out and we were leaving for a dinner with friends and she had me buy her taco bell before. then we ate dinner, the dessert and finally i topped her belly off with an xl shake. after the night was over she couldnt put her belly in her pants she was so stuffed id guess an easy 8000 calorie evening >:d shes gonna hit 350 in no time!
we were reminded on 9/11 and again during the military efforts in afghanistan and iraq that we depend on manly characteristics to keep us safe. every single one of the dead firemen heroes on 9/11 were men. what happens in combat in some distant field is abstract to upper west side liberals, but they can understand the need to have strong, brave, reckless men in their fire department.
we will also delve into the juicy side of our work - learning how to increase circulation with herbs to those johns who just cant get it up or working herbally with people who have physical disabilities. we will also talk about herbal aphrodisiacs which will help enhance our clients pleasure and hopefully, our own.
we will fight with emails, we will fight with twitter, we will redpill as many as possible. when the floodgates open, and everyone sees what we have done, they will be thankful, not spiteful.
we work to build a world beyond the medical industrial complex where healing is not for profit or the control of oppressed bodies, but where we transform the impact of generations of abuse, trauma, violence & oppression into/towards justice & healing.
we'll never rich-shame athletes (owners with daddy's money, on the other hand, are fair game),
we're just $5 short of our next patreon goal--printing a short run of #asexual, #queer + #trans focused #bdsm zines!
we've arrived at the close of an all but mythic year. not only a year equivalent to a thousand years of triumph, not ony a year surpassing any since the first tick of time, but a year to remind us that time is quite easily compressed, especially when you're working at warp speed. it was a year of upward mobility that takes us to the front porch of infinity.
we've had threats by feminists of reporting our relationship to  authorities, condemning us to being violently torn apart by the state  against my partners wishes and condemning xir specifically to the loss  of xir love, the denial of xir bodily autonomy, a denial of xir right to  self determine xir victim status, and condemning me specifically to  potentially prison (which as you know is a death sentence for trans  women)
wear loose clothing in public to hide the diaper bulge and keep diaper-wrinkling noise to a minimum.
weird moment where my avatar being mistaken for a dude gives me glee? or soemthing like it.
weird question.. does vaping all day make anyone else shit a ton? i can't stop fucking pooping after a day of vaping. please help.
welcome to my twisted mind warning: no-bullshit zone. you need to leave if you're a feminist, anti-mra, anti-brony, religious, or female. 25 yrs old white heterosexual male. proud brony. pro-gamergate. anti-feminist
welcome to our sorority house, local imam and your friends from syria. tell us what to think.
welcome. i mainly contribute to articles on map projections and j.r.r. tolkien, with occasional contributions to computer text processing topics such as unicode or opentype. i can be curmudgeonly, but my motive is good editing. it is the lack of editorial cohesion that strikes me as the primary problem of wikipedia, not inaccuracy.
welcoming people [into the trans community] who otherwise might have been able to get by in a cis identity weakens the ideology of cisness, not the ideology of transness.&&newline<kevin> its saying, we can do things for these people that you cannot because of your narrow ideas of gender. its saying, these are our people to cherish, not your people to shame.
well i am single this time and will be cosplaying none other then sasuke uchiha at the gay pride festival...and hopefully i will find a nice, hot naruto uzumaki to meet and have as my boyfriend...
well i guess when people start bitching about your country you know that you are doing a lot of things right.
well i know i got a good 8 pees plus  a nice poop i was just thinking to myself why was i potty trained but i'm not anymore boy i am still smashing that poop all over my diaper
well israel is doomed, we know that, but it seems that everywhere is 'doomed', europe with migrants, usa with†sjw†and pretty much the west, with it's low birth-rate...
well asexuality is actually a legitimate orientation. total asexuals are pretty rare but it's legit. like if you're attracted to only your own gender you're homosexual. if you're attracted to the other you're heterosexual. if you're attracted to both it's bisexual. what if you just aren't attracted to either? some people just aren't.
well baby feels a poopy i called my invisible mommy thanks she said she's going to give me a warm enema when i get home so i can go poo poo in my diaper she's such a good invisible mommy
well baby got some new diapers the other day i got some samples wearing a pull up a diaper and then a third day for which is purple i am poopy and wet enjoying it
well baby was bad last night he lost the key to his car so to punish me i pooped in the tub this morning and came home and put it in my diaper now i am sitting in a wet and massey diaper i would love to have reached week they would make me smile in make my evening go better
well for those diapers friends i got out there i finally changed my nasty wet one then went to the chiropractor with my mom and sis and came home and i pooped again i'm now sitting in just a poopy diaper hope i pee pee soon
well guess what baby did it again he came home and pooped his diaper i just can't say clean yay
well honestly you shouldn't judge what you don't know. dd/lg is harmless. it's bad people who do bad things and make dd/lg look bad. guys can call their girls baby but it's weird if i call him daddy?
well if i go out and see real teenage girls wandering around then about 50% of them dress like sluts and have hips and tits
well in a fantasy world i would get so extremely fat and out of shape that im barely mobile. i could only waddle a for a few feet until i run completely out of breath. stairs would be my biggest enemy. only a few steps and id be sweating like a pig and have to stop for a long rest.
well it's going to be full on baby today if i got to poop at work i pooped my diaper i'm in 3 diapers and a pair of underwear and hopefully will hold it all and i remembered my diaper pants today so i don't sag so much
well it's had a hard time escaping the shadow of how the nazis applied it. but yeah new advances in genetic testing has rekindled interest.
well none of the people fleeing syria are refugees since that's a specifically designated status bestowed by the unhcr, which they haven't had time to be assigned.
well since no one will tell me i'm allowed to go out in my poopy wet diaper i'm going out in my poopy wet diaper to go get some frozen lemonade and maybe something to eat then i'm going to come home and start drinking so i can have a super soaked diaper when i go to bed
well the, uh, truth comes out. ive never been autistic, i work forty hours a week to support my parents, this has all been a trick, you have all been trolled.
well this is baby my asking a question should i poop my diaper at work if i have to couple hours before i leave someone give me a simple yes or no go for it baby or yes go for a good babe please
well, i am a gender fluent person. i do not feel totally inside the male gender (or the female). i could be... 40% male, 40% female and 20% potato. the thing is - i do not want to become a girl with boobs and a vagina, but i don't want to be a muscular hairy bearded guy. i want to be... neutral. a thing that really bothers me is my body hair and my beard. mostly my beard. i am searching for a good method on permanent beard removal.
well, i have been suffering from the high blood pressure too, and when my heart beats, it feels like a mexican jumping bean inside a lego 2x4-brick-size-thick heavy plastic container. ***thunk, plink, thunk, plink*** and this heart feels like it coverted (sic) its surface material to that thick, heavy plastic, and it aches bad.
well, i lost my virginity twice and can say the second time around blew my mind.&&newline<kevin> so yea, i can compare to certain things.
well, i smoked a decent amount for about two years between high school and college, but quit when i knew i wanted to go into law enforcement. so all i can do now is reminisce. such is life... the job is worth giving up some things. still got diapers at least!!
well, i too think paul was asexual (i mean he straight up says that he considers it a gift and that women don't tempt him).
well, i use today's technology to take me back to the sixties when i was a child. i watch old tv shows every night. the little girl clothes i make resemble what children wore in the sixties and seventies with a few cote examples from the eighties. if i could return to any era--as an adult--it would no doubt be the late fifties to mid-sixties...provided i could keep my current salary, that is. boy, would it be nice to drive one of those old cars
well, tony, i am an anti vaxxer, too. i suppose that makes me a wackadoodle? i'm not speaking of this particular legislation as i know nothing of it. but giving *any* government sanctioned group more power over individuals strikes me as bad law.
well, a few days ago, i was shaving my breasts because gosh, i have so much body hair there. my boobs are like chewbacca if truth is to be told. anyways, i was shaving them a few days back, and now they're infected, like the cuts i got from shaving are infected and there is this yellow green discharge that i think is pus. anyways, yeah. #thestruggle
well, bigender is like switching from one to the other at your own free will, it's like 'gender fluid' which is the same thing, except with the whole gender spectrum. agender is doing whatever you feel (along gender lines) without needing a name for it, or a label.
well, he seems to be consistent and isn't spouting conspiracy theory esque political-economic junk so that's good.
well, it's the thrill and excitement of pooping in your diaper that keeps me doing it... and it's also a little naughty to be given a suppository and then struggling desperately to hold it in until the last moment.
well, it's time to think back over the year and see what i find.  let's see... except for
well, it's time to think back over the year and see what i find.  let's see... except for one hike and a few dozen short walks, i haven't had any exercise for over a year.  i  definitely feel out of shape and, honestly, i like it.
well, she might believe it - terfs are to trans women what the kkk is to the inner city black community.
welp temptation got the better of me and i pre-ordered all 3 special editions of the game, the collectors+premium from amazon and the euro collectors edition from amazon uk. i wanted both statues and the pendant. total: us $342
welp we managed to find some and i just popped my butt cherry with an oral syringe filled with cocaine!
wendy's riffs on their baconator to come up with new baconator fries. like its namesake, the new menu item features bacon and cheese, but on fries rather than on a bun.
went to the mall with my brother. you know how there are fake shoppers that follow you around the store? well i saw one was starting to follow my brother so i started to follow him. ^_^~
were i dating a girl (or man) they probably would have wanted to change my sticky and stale butt after hour 15 of halo in a full diaper.
wgat the f**k? how could you do such a thing crifty. how gould you add my quote as a kevin quote.
what about akihito/aki , felipe, and felicia? since akihito/aki and felicia/felipe was already used up by my characters -- i decided to steer away from christian and japanese names (with the exception of sasuke)
what i found, i'm not ashamed to say, brought tears to my eyes. i, am a daddy dom. i'm nurturing. i'm loving. i play the role of a father because that's how i'm wired. i'm not alone. there others that are just like me and there are little's that more than welcome what it is i bring to the table.
what i need, jasper redeemed, jasper and amythist spending the day together, they encounter vidalia who comments that jasper looks like amethysts buff older sister, jasper and amethyst become very defensive and awkward as neither wants to discuss the kindergarten
what i want is a harry potter fanfic set in a world where blood purism is correct.
what i was ready to do was build a cyborg dude, start lifting weights, follow through on alot of reading projects, go to grad school, train myself to like beer and drunkenness, have a girlfriend, be a better cook, be good in bed, be confident, rude, intense. frankly i was pretty good at it and not one of you people suspected it. i remain kind of proud of that even though it was completely fucked up and horrible, like, a job well done.
what a monday! all types of announcements and meetings and exciting things happening. and let me tell you how fucking stoked i am to be the february slut of the month via one of my favorite sites slutist.com!! what an honor! i've been dreaming of being the slut of the month for so long! please take a moment to read a bit more about me because you can really never get enough honey badger. it's ok. i understand.
what a coincidence, so do i! except i just wear suntan pantyhose when outdoors and the heavy protection, comfort fit, super plus the rest of the time, along with an overnight maxi. i sure take a ribbing from some of the boys at school for doing it though, especially the football jocks. they can't understand why i enjoy it so much. i just tell them: 'hey, some guys like football and others period crossdress. get over it.
what a mood recovery... kinda of a goku-get-'em attitude. :)
what are sonic and sally doing over th...oh my god!!!
what are some ways i can better express my bisexuality, and should i be doing it in the first place? i was thinking of having my nails painted with the colors of the bisexual flag, but that's all i got.
what are the percentages of the seattle homeless population who are suffering from metal illness vs being down on their luck vs drug addiction vs being professionally homeless (i.e. scammers)?
what causes trans women to be so threatening is that we represent the death of the child, a bodily rejection of reproductive futurism.
what do you do when your kid hears the news and asks you, 'mo-om, what's a beheading?'
what does francis fukuyama do after the end of history? in his leisure hours, he puts together little drones in his garage and then proudly exhibits them on his blog.
what happened to peridot? why does he have arms and legs all the sudden??
what have i done that's so wrong? what is so wrong about physical contact between my penis and a mares genitals? and it does bring a weight. the experience of being a zoo adolescent was extremely lonely.
what if a white child with cancer only had 3 weeks left to live and their last wish to the make a wish foundation was to be able to say the n word just once. are you telling me its not okay for a white person to say the n word in that instance?
what if all the sonic characters had a big prom and dr. eggman was  ruining it because he keeps shouting no pda annd wouldn't let the sonic  characters twerk dance
what if terfs all died at once?&&newline<kevin> not only would it create a boom in the graveyard economies but the world would be more pleasant
what if truscum were the real transtrenders?
what is it with blacks and homophobia? 45-50 years ago they had a civil rights battle, what the fuck.
what is your guys issue with furries?? ive probally wasted my time here as most of you wouldnt have been able to get past from the first sentance without bursting out in testoserone rage from noy being able to read the begining of it.
what is your overall assessment of masculinity today? generally positive--as it always has been, despite the efforts of the elites. and september 11 made it more difficult for liberals to criticize traditional male characteristics and virtues.
what kind of porn did you watch before realizing you had dysphoria, and did it change over time with realizing you did, and the transition process?
what kind of remark is that! you must be as dumb ass when it comes to cultural identities. second, judging by your macho man randy savage profile pic,i should not expected an intel agent remark from someone who probably still lives in mom's basement and still master bates to 90's tv sex icons.?
what market? you have no market there. a monopoly is not a market. your free market hatred is showing.
what scares me and angers me most about this idea is it's spread to other fields and influences people with good intentions incorrectly as well as reduces real education. if you flip your text book open and it says abe lincon is a proud japanese woman who was the us president and that's what you were told by 'experts' you may not know any better and pass that info along.
what that tells me is that cisfeminists like brokenfighter will only recognize black camabs (and camabs generally) are in more danger of violent crime than white cafabs (and cafabs generally) if you manage to make it all about them anyway.
what the balls. i thought i was reading gbs for a minute and it was glorious.
what the buck is going on everypony
what the fuck kind of boot pog dick is poopshy in the field, if anything the qualities of ones stool and the manner of its expulsion is a prime source of banter material when bored.
what the hell is on joey's head?
what to expect the first time you drink kombucha
what we must fight for is to safeguard the existence and reproduction of our race and our people, the sustenance of our children and the purity of our blood, the freedom and independence of the fatherland, so that our people may mature for the fulfillment of the mission allotted it by the creator of the universe. every thought and every idea, every doctrine and all knowledge, must
what would you call a clopper who isn't a brony? like the ones that clop but aren't a fan of the series? any official terminology?
what's that movie where all the kids are bullied at camp,all the guys throw piss in their faces, and they vow to burn the place down and then they go on a crime spree or something and i think they all die at the end? i saw it when i was a kid and i've always wondered.
what's your pizza-cutting implement of choice? personally i like scissors, but they can leave the slices a little limp.
whatever gets me drunk that's what i drink (burp)
whatever. if i was so weird and unsociable i wouldn't be able to hold down a job, or convince some of the warehouse guys that i am a slayer, with a baby mama, and criminal record. i can mimic normal behavior just fine, but no one i meet ever wants to take the relationship further
whats wrong with eugenics? edit: nevermind. eugenics doesnt mean what i thought it did.
whatwears les lesbian tomboy short vest chest binder tops
whats the attraction to anyone who isnt cis? ive heard skoliosexual used for this, but other sources site it as just the attraction to nonbinary genders.
when i do outreach on college campuses, ill often get the some people cant go vegan because [poor people / access to vegan food / some health issue] and then when i ask them if that is the situation they are in, 99% of the time they say no. stop using struggles that you are not a part of to justify the exploitation of animals.
when i first gave a horse oral sex i was in my early 20s, and one of the things i had to overcome was the thought that its disgusting to go down on a horse, much like the way some men feel about women. so it was at the back of my head at the time, and its kind of strange because theres nothing about horses thats disgusting to me. and, as i discovered, mares taste very, very nice, like mown grass or fresh hay, and they really enjoy o
when i have my vulva, i will feel beautiful enough to me, and to wear feminine clothes in public will be just a consequence of that.
when i heard that he grew up jumping rope with the girls in his neighborhood, i knew everything i needed to know about bill clinton.
when i look at beasty porn i see animals who arent being taken care of and are probably drugged. i can tell right away when a horse is not enjoying herself.
when i saw my sandwich i got excited when i saw a thick slice of melted cheese on it, but it didnt wow me either. i didnt get a smoky flavor out of it or any other flavor for that matter.
when i see drunk exhausted incels climbing up the stairs at closure, they remind me of the sick and dying jews who were freed from the camps because they walk all dazed and confused. i feel like a fucking nazi camp guard as a bouncer.
when i stand behind you and i put my arms around you, and i put my hands on your breasts, and i put my hands on you and pull you in real close, hey, i love that, too.
when i step in the place throw your hands in the sky
when i tell you friendship is top priority to me with the women, i damn well mean it just that from the bottom of my woman heart and soul!
when i use the word to describe myself i use it to mean that i do not identify with the typically masculine gender binary as i lean more feminine but do not identify as trans personally. additionally my sexuality is a bit up in the air in the momment as i am presently going through a lot of self discovery of who i am. so while i would identify as queer you are correct that it is wrong to just apply it to someone with a non sexual/gender relate
when i walk into a place and there are women wearing yoga pants everywhere, it's hard to not look. i don't, but it's not easy.
when i was 12, i was messing around and put my penis in the door frame, between the door. old house, heavy doors. i don't know what i was thinking. had some friends over and one decided to slam the door shut. it didn't completely sever, but it was bad enough that they had to amputate.
when i was a child i kept a tomato garden with my father. it was a lot of work keeping the pests away, keeping them in sunlight without choking their stems, and watering them daily. perhaps one day i will show my son how people used to produce food, but i'd much rather teach him to code.
when i was a freshman in high school i jacked off in the bathroom on the fifth floor and didn't realize there was someone in the stall over so i sat there for an entire period until they left.
when i was a kid. i like the dressing up. and the feeling of wetting yourself.
when i was going to school i would often sit in my car and play pokemon between classes. sometimes i would really get into it and i wouldn't want to leave to use the restroom across campus so i'd piss in my by-then empty iced coffee cup from dunks. after one or two pissess i would need to dump the stuff out, but i wanted to make sure nobody saw me doing it. i would loudly exclaim 'boy, this iced tea from dunks is lousy' and then dump it so it d
when i was in 9th grade, i met a girl at a church dance that i was obsessed with and then spent the next two weeks calling her every single day. i took her to an avril lavigne and simple plan concert where i tried and failed to even hold her hand. she started dating someone the next day. that afternoon i called into the local top 40 radio station and asked them to play something 'that will make my heart stop hurting.'
when mel brooks watched star wars, he saw space penises
when a large group of people target someone, exercise their power in numbers and privilege over that person, that is very much a form of abuse. it's not really comparable to me calling someone out, because i only have one or two supporters. there's no consequence to calling me out, or abusing me too - but every time i call someone out, i risk janet giving them ammo against me, or at the very least people mocking me for it here.
when are you going to get it through your fucking skull that you are not the only one in life with a useless, laughable cock?
when every gram is measured in the hundreds to thousands of dollars - there is no room for extraneous foam! once we get lunar manufacturing going (or at least a space elevator) itll be more affordable.
when feminists assert things like, sex isnt a construct, its biology, im honestly blown away at the low level of analysis.
when he came in and i locked the door, i made this dramatic to-do about walking slowly into my bedroom. i kinda took off my coat, and froze up a bit, and walked slowly. he asked if i was okay, i said i was fine. in my bedroom i kinda stood there, im sure on some level i felt a little sexy, but i felt super vulnerable and scared, like, am i really going to do this? with some rando, and i just have to take their word that they are clean and st
when it comes to being out in public i have a lot of privilege in choosing whether or not to disclose anything about being queer because people tend to assume my gender is female, my primary partner is a cis male, we chose to have a kid so people see me as being in a conventionally 'accepted' relationship arrangement.
when it comes to obesity, no one really knows how to make a fat person thin in the long term. almost no one loses weight long term, its like a 5% success rate past the 5 year mark and dieting is quite bad for your health, so dieting is a treatment with an overwhelming failure rate and side effects like heart problems. bariatric surgery is the only thing that comes close to having consistent results, but the trade off is vitamin deficiency.
when it is known how simple and clean are the ingredients used to make up these oriental dishes, the westerner will cease to feel that natural repugnance which assails one when about to taste a strange dish of a new and strange land.
when men live and work together it's imperative that there are no secrets! i miss my breasts! inside of me there's a woman screaming to be heard!
when not brewing magic potions in the woods for the greater good, they spend their time booty dancing, buying fake eyelashes, reading trashy magazines at the gym and wishing they were a drag queen.
when she think it's a dickprint but it's really just a rolled up watch tower pamphlet
when so-called catholics start to speak of the glorious wonders and fantastic benefits of planned parenthood, as in practically hinting that pp will cure cancer and stop lions from getting killed in zimbabwe, i just smile, yawn, and think, wow. ok. and now for our next circus act.
when terfs claim that oppression is sex-based and biologically base what they are saying is that patriarchal oppression of women is a biological property inherent to humans, and doing their damnedest to push feminism into retrograde strictly for the purpose of attacking and delegitimizing trans women.
when the special victims unit... law & order episode came out, it did more damage to the reputation of the video games industry than anything gamers have ever done.
when the hell do i get my white privilege? i'm tired of busting my @$$ for a living.
when thrown into the drunk tank i took a shit all over, tried eating it and had to be tasered to stop, pissed under the door, jerked off in the tank, thrown all of my clothing off and dunked my head in the toilet, attacked a cop and had a shot of mace in my face, and i even had entire conversations with invisible people.
when trans activists critiqued the choice to call a feminist event 'a night of a thousand vaginas,' the goal was not, as burkett believes, to turn back the clock on feminist progress. it was to urge feminism forward toward greater inclusiveness.
when we are at the white house or with celebrities, they aren't photo-ops. we are always talking about the movement & black folks.
when we are bullied by jocks, radfems, swjs, or san fran trust-fund babies, we stand together, arm in arm. #gamergate
when we arrived at the hospital, there was a huge mob.  they were mostly mothers and children.  they were standing there docilely the way the way turkish people do.  they are a very docile people, particularly just before they explode.  they are obedient to the will of allah.  but allah apparently wants holy wars at the first chance.
when we go door to door with booklets, crime takes a holiday. when we run out of booklets and cant get any out, there is a rise in crime and murder.
when you begin to operate on self-determinism within the context of eternity, above all the various societies and cultures, thats where ethics begins. you can see scientology from there, and know it, so you can begin to manage your life in that context of eternity.
when you get down to it, i just want to be really sexy.&&newline<kevin> and the sonic girls are the sexiest creatures i can imagine.
when you need to, act on your feelings if possible. the feelings a diaper lover has are not going to go away and will drive you insane if you try to suppress them. there is nothing wrong with wearing diapers for any reason.
when you tell someone you're otherkin and they expect you to validate their weird vendetta against fictionkin because they preceded it with 'otherkin are ok, but'
when you use any of the above words, you are contributing to  whorephobia; the specific marginalization that sex workers, usually  women, experience in every aspect of society from interpersonal  relationships to the state. this stigma often results in discrimination,  violence, rape, death and even murder. language matters. words are  important.
when you're a christian, and you drive by an accident, you know you have to do something about it, because you know you're the only one who can really help... we are the way to happiness. we can bring peace and unite cultures.
when you're a scientologist, and you drive by an accident, you know you have to do something about it, because you know you're the only one who can really help... we are the way to happiness. we can bring peace and unite cultures.
when your poc friends are making fun of white people so you eat a jalapeno to be cool but then they have to drive you to the hospital
whenever i feel like i can't do anything, i just look at vegeta... reaching super saiyan felt impossible for him. he felt like he could never do it. but he wanted it enough and worked hard enough and even though it took him ten times the effort it took goku, he did it, even though it was so hard for him to attain (nearly impossible)
whenever were really winning the squirrels start to scream. you can tell if somebody is a squirrel. they howl or make trouble only when were winning.
where are all the body positive white feminists at? this post has like no notes. i wonder why.
whether or not i turn myself into a 'public joke' is really a matter of perspective, and you've done little to defend your position. things like abuse, bullying, are less loosely defined, however.
which is fucking crazy because cuckolding is a consensual act, regardless of the races of the participants. and if you look at actual cuckolding communities (ie not scripted porn), the inclusion of pocs into the cuckolding scenario is usually more about re-addressing power imbalances than racist sexualization.
while #blacklivesmatter may not fit the traditional definition of a word, it demonstrates how powerfully a hashtag can convey a succinct social message&&newline<kevin> language scholars are paying attention to the innovative linguistic force of hashtags, and #blacklivesmatter was certainly a forceful example of this in 2014.
while i haven't jumped on the 'wheat belly train' (not big on fads - especially ones that are extreme and tell you one thing is all good or all bad) i do think it's possible there's a legitimate link between modern wheat and stomach bloating, low energy and possibly also inflammation i.e. may not help arthritis sufferers (not sure about any of this...but my ears are pricked up at least).
while i think everyone is familiar with the benghazi attacks, newer users might be unaware that one of the victims was sean 'vilerat' smith, who was a long-time member and moderator of d&d. seeing cartoonists use the death of a sincerely missed member of the community as a desperate attempt to smear obama has made benghazi a rather sore issue for everyone in this thread.
while i totally respect your opinion, we are going to have to agree to disagree here. i feel that transitioning is personal and does not follow a pattern.
while i very, very, very, very strongly dislike sjws, i don't believe that they represent an existential threat to the republic. america has survived populists of all stripes, anarchists, progressives, mccarthyites, teetotalers, and the proto-sjws themselves, the abolitionists. america will endure.
while that is why i decided to become collared by kevin, that is not exactly what the collar represents. the collar is a symbol that kevin is my daddy, and i am his boy. this is a dynamic that touches on a number of those connections that i listed above. most obvious, of course, is sex.
while there is still slavery in arab-conquered......countries like mauritania, mali, and in arab-dominated countries like saudi arabia and qatar, most of the people protesting this relationship have no idea that arabs invading africa are who started the transatlantic slave trade.
while this awesome thread is on the topic of interviews. does anyone have any tips of working out how on the asd someone is? one guy slipped through my interview process who is good enough but has certain autistic tendencies that really affect his cultural fit.
whilst lolicon is pretty shitty, it's not illegal, nor is it construed as child porn by the u.s government.
white guilt + negrophilia is the manifestation of the liberal death wish killing america.
white men better wake up and smell the coffee: wow!! there are a ton of man-hating women out there. a whole f...
white bi nb 20 year old who makes the bad posts that cause people to keel over and die.
white culture is institutions that actually work.
white here. i have never heard the word animist before but i think i've believed this since i was a kid.
white people mutated from the dravidian albinos and would be nothing without poc
white people would sooner allow a daily show ratings boost under president trump then prevent a president trump
white privilege is never having to spell your last name.
white, autistic, disabled agender asexual trans lesbian. 'lesbian' means that i am a woman in addition to being agender. if you want to tell me i am not a woman or a lesbian you can fuck right off. it took me a long time to come to terms with this...
who are all these paedophiles i've talked to? well, here's the juicy, if unsurprising kicker:
who are you? im guessing a woman by the attack:content ratio and other things.
who is more graceful? svelte bible believing christian lady dancers or the overweight atheist penn jillette with his slick 'walrus slide' dance move?
who looks whiter. bjork or penelope cruz
whoa. gaining has been a lot of fun, though, and ive never felt better about myself. im excited to see what this next 14 lbs. is like.
whole wheat bread rap - i'm a pimp / i smoke weed / lower class man live in birmingham al
whole grain pancakes are an affectation to me.
whores & daughters (self.theredpill)
why buffy is still revolutionary 18 years on
why i haven't been on twitter much the past 2 months: i am in #iraq helping to raise a christian army to fight #isis: http://www.sonsoflibertyinternational.com/
why kill yourself today when you can masturbate tomorrow?
why microwaving cold coffee makes coffee-lovers scream
why plus model tess hollidays media blitz is an important moment for fat people everywhere
why are mra's better than feminists? they don't have terfs.
why are leftists ok with sucking the labor of the working class as long as it's done through taxes and not stock dividends?
why are marginalized people being subjected to this everyday terrorism from you instead of you listening and putting in the work?
why are there no aces in mass effect? if you're going to force lgbt propaganda on your audience, at least have the decency to include aces. aces are nice, don't hurt anyone, and are generally pretty awesome in general. and they don't hold shitty parades, either.
why are you pro-north korea? what about the human rights violations?
why bother 'policing' text in a gaming forum where, in america free speech still has a place until the democrats and obama hand it over to the syrians and isis to turn this country is a muslim loving shit hole.
why do i have all of the spacekin feels all of a sudden? i have finally figured out that i am a star because they go around the galaxy and its like oh hey earth how are the kids? see you in a couple of years. gosh, i love it so much.
why do terfs sound like consveratives when it comes to trans people?
why do people want to have their genders regulated/surveilled by the state?
why do the 'people' of gaza support hamas? even if you share the oppinion of the majority of the d&d posters that israel is either a second nazi germany or south africa, it seems to me like complying with israeli demands is the best solution for the people of gaza.
why do they call the church in charleston 'a black church'? it is a place of worshiping jesus. it is another crime against christians.
why do you hate trans people? does it make you feel better about yourself? you call yourself a feminist but you're really just an ignorant redneck.
why do you want communists to unfollow you? .-. it seems like an odd thing, but i don't really know anything about communism, so ????
why do young ladies appear to automatically think i want to initiate a relationship and how can i avoid this happening
why does everyone hate 'the big bang theory'? sure, the laugh track is annoying, but the characters are interesting and the gags are funny. it's probably one of the few sitcoms i can stand watching. some losers call it 'nerd blackface' but i just don't see it.
why doesn't anyone want to talk to me i stink but you can't smell me i got 10 big pee pees in my diaper
why is full house always so emotional? you can always tell when the tear jerker part is about to come up, it starts to get quiet and then the music plays and then they say some beautiful line. haha, i always cry during full house
why is pi trans?                        pi is a transcendental number, which means it is not the root of any polynomial with rational coefficients.
why is your username 'adolf.hitler4138'?! wow bitch, i knew it! you're a frickin' nan-nancy! you get out of my stream now! you get out of my stream!
why not homeschool him? or send him to private school? or start a local homeschooling cooperative featuring works like carlyle?
why not homeschool him? or send him to private school? or start a local homeschooling cooperative featuring works like mark driscoll?
why not just call the crystal gems (aka garnet, pearl, amethyst, and steven) the earth gems or somethin? it'd prolly be less confusing but idk.
why should we be the victims of this grand sociological experiment? why must the west be ruined so we can figure out exactly to what degree it's nature vs. nurture? there's no real reason, just a broad anti-white animus out of jews and leftists that trickles down into the rest of society. so please knock it off with the hair splitting, i'm aware of what's going on here
why should we destroy smallpox? you've made the argument quite clear that we don't need the samples to produce a vaccine, but you haven't given us a reason as to *why* we should wipe out another species of life from this earth.
why the west is best: a muslim apostate's defense of liberal democracy
why the big push for black holes by liberals, and big protests against any objection to them? if it turned out empirically that promoting black holes tends to cause people to read the bible less, would you still push this so much?
why the freak is deblasio going to the hospital?? to tweet pictures of the bodies?? i thought he was afraid of cops? cops are a danger to his son! f*ck him don't let him in the hospital! tell him to go eat sharptons assh*le
why the hell do most transit projects have to file environmental impact anythings anyways. 99% of them are going through urban areas where there is no environment to speak of other than grassy medians and some trees.
why would drug companies attempt to cure malaria, for instance, if all the countries with significant malaria infection will not protect their intellectual property?
why? is an alakazam with an iq of 5000 not capable of consent? but if alakazam wants it, why would it be rape? and why couldn't they consent to sex with a different species? that literally makes no sense. pokemon seem to be quite intelligent, capable of communication with humans, and have a general understanding of human interaction. if a pokemon wanted to have sex with a human, they
will single-payer love be taken seriously as a policy?
will you be participating in the robot/transgender/lesbian vs. cis war? urgent message
winter url, normal url is whisksexual.†yes, i made that  pearl/pause post.†sully - 14 - pisces - pansexual - bigender - piece of  shit.
witchgender, magusgender, magegender, or venefigender: a gender that has a closeness or connection to witchcraft and magic. it is, in a way, a magic gender. you could use it to perform strange gender magic. or something. it is also associated with a feminine or androgynous gender expression. not to be confused with genderwitched.
with a clap of thunder, my vagina slides open. you pass through the secret gateway of my labia into a damp and tropical paradise. my clitoris shines serenely. far beyond your reaches, my anus winks like a waxing pink moon and you see the verdant trail of my taint leading away into the distant highlands. i fart thoughtfully. you smell rainwater and holy basil. i am raw. i am sexual. let us make love.
with no fridge, no dishes, no microwave, no oven, no range, no dishwasher, no utensils, no pests, no cleaning products nor dirty rags, my life is considerably simpler, lighter and cleaner than before. i think it was a bit presumptuous for the architect to assume i wanted a kitchen with my apartment and make me pay for it.
with so much emphasis put on the smokiness of the sandwich, i have to say i was ultimately underwhelmed by it. arbys claims the turkey was smoked for 8 hours in texas but i couldnt tell. however, that could be because they put so little turkey on my sandwich. at almost 10 bucks after tax on the combo, i should have ideally been stuffed. i will say it was incredibly tender, so i suppose they have that leg to stand on with their smoking cla
with that out of the way, i'm a pretty firm believer of ykinmkbykiok (your kink is not my kink but your kink is okay). i run in some pretty kinky circles, and i'm all for do whatever the fuck you want so long as everyone's consenting and safe.
with the invasion bush made the mistake of caving into the american left's idiotic mandate of no 'nation-building', when american post war reconstructions have been some of the most enviable successes in history.
within the realm of a capitalist and democratic system, one can have an argument about government's role & about income disparities, but ultimately you can't escape the fact that nothing is better than free markets. bill & melinda gates foundation postulate that within 20 years there might not be any poor countries left on the planet.
without artificial scarcity, the air jordans would be just like any other shoe. this would result in a decrease in happiness in those people who already owned air jordens, without an increase in happiness from the new owners (because the air jordan now is just a common shoe), so artificial scarcity in this example is a good thing.
without the obvious brutality and militarization of stalinism in plain and terrifying view, the german people probably wouldn't have turned to a brutal militarizing thug of their own in self-defense. and as you should know, just a few percent difference in an election and hitler would never have come to power. and 'fascism' would mean mussolini to us today, more the very model of a modern major general than
woman is an identity constructed around primitive understanding of human biology. it is a matrix that fosters a certain power dynamic, of which it gets the short end of the stick, in the overarching superstructure of culture and society. it is one locus formed linguistically
womanhood has no objective material grounding, it is a false concept based on the false pretense that certain biological traits are to define essential being
women post selfies with half-made-up faces to fight makeup shaming
women are less desirable after 22, and they are depreciating assets for men. period. treat them accordingly.
women can be very hostile to trans women. some see us as men and they advocate to keep us out of womens spaces like shelters, womens washrooms, etc. its gotten much better over the years but women can be transphobic too. most of the harassment i get online comes from women.
women gone insane with the power of the pussy pass
women in the middle east is a film by the adult production company pornfidelity, run by husband-and-wife team ryan madison and kelly madison. the film features four pornographic vignettes with veiled women in stereotypical roles: the subjugated wife, the sexy belly dancer, the trafficked prostitute. but through their film, the madisons are hoping to subvert these stereotypes and portray the women as sexy and empowered.
women like anti sakeesian, zoe quinn, and brianna wu are putting themselves in the targeting reticules of the mouth-breathing poster-children for fragile masculinity by refusing to back down. their bravery is awesome to behold, and they are emboldening a generation of women and allies who refuse to be silenced by the internet tough guy patrol.
women like you need to be raped, hard, until you start screaming for mercy like the bitch you are, then knocked out.
women like to be challenged. you have to pass their shit check for them to think you're worth anything. meekly holding her bags and going fucking shopping with her is not very attractive to most ladies i'm afraid.
women need to study the immensely productive dynamic of male bonding in history. with their results-oriented teamwork, men largely have escaped the sexual jealousy, emotionalism and spiteful turf wars that sometimes dog women.
wonder woman would probably be so heartbroken if she heard there were people who thought her feminism was trans-exclusionary
woo, so, chiming in as a hooker here... the average hooker on backpage isn't competent enough for bitcoin right now. the smart hookers aren't on backpage in the first place. i tried putting out a 101 level post on being a ho using bitcoin, but i'm certainly not an expert.
work has been no different. i have one or two women that can be considered 'work wives' as we share an intimate bond as a paired couple might, but it's strictly plutonic. beyond those two, i have at least half a dozen younger women that i baby.
working class foodies cookbook
worst? having lower and middle class people demonize you for no reason whatsoever. it's akin to being hated because you were born a certain race or religion. i was born into my family, please don't hate me for it.
worth reading. i'm a non-feminist basically looking for pictures of breasts, and, women's perspectives on things. you might be afraid that it's full of intellectual, 'tract'-ish material and navel-gazing (which it has every right to have), and there is some of that, but mostly it's good human pieces. a /lot/ of self-contained stories, some really interesting, and, lo, the occasional boob. i'd give it 4 stars for my purposes, but it's /supposed/
would love to get a red shemale shy-girl rubbing a big, gurgling belly, maybe vore implied, perhaps she's belching behind her mask as her cock throbs against her tummy?
would a world where we all spend more time on facebook be so bad? despite my initial scepticism i am, on balance, a fan. of course there are downsides.
would events that happened at paris happen if bitcoin were the main currency of the world? (self.bitcoin)
would have undoubtedly been a lot of fun to get yelled at/attacked by cis queers who don't think i can call myself cunt dyke or faggot tho
would the human race be more successful if it were void of empathy?
wouldn't you say the conditions of stripping are empowering in certain ways, though? i can make in a night what a minimum wage worker makes full-time in a month. i feel this empowers me by giving me time to myself without being pressured to work.
wouldnt want more lazy, st***d, fucking r****ds like me, right? us fucking burdens on society.
wow slipped up today talking about metal gear solid and said 'happy meal solid' on accident. guess thats a good a way as any to realize that i gotta get another quarter pounder in me asap.
wow, as a former cock and ball vac pumper (don't laugh everybody) you have some serious bruising happening.
wow, so many downvotes. i didn't know imgur was home to so many butthurt white knight social justice warriors.
wow, the endorsement of a rapper. that's all the knowledge i require. bye bye bernie!
wow, you sound like a bad romantic comedy. except we didnt meet cute. we met sick-twisted.
wow... i'm so sick.. the doctors told me this crystal will help i just hope theres no side effects, especially on my delicate, small hands
writer. cosplayer. binge netflix watcher. anime dweeb. book enthusiast. harbours inappropriately strong feelings about shakespeare and william blake. once lost a whole day theorizing about game of thrones. the most motivated procrastinator he knows. sometimes it works out in his favor. mostly just causes widespread panic. it's all good though, because he never forgets her towel.
writer. cosplayer. binge netflix watcher. anime dweeb. book enthusiast. harbours inappropriately strong feelings about shakespeare and william blake. once lost a whole day theorizing about game of thrones. the most motivated procrastinator he knows. sometimes it works out in his favor. mostly just causes widespread panic. it's all good though, because he never forgets his towel.
y'all like cis girls pegging and/or wearing strap on but you hate trans women topping or daring to use their genitals if non-op or pre-op
y'all love encouraging cis women to grow out body hair and facial hair and be unapologetic about their natural bodies but yall hate trans women
y'gotta recognize that at the end of the day, the penis is just a plump, leaky clitoris.
yaoi, but yaoi safely!
yes pleeaasse kill harper. he's driving canada back into the dark ages
yoga is black, people, look it up. smai tawi  predates yoga by 3k yrs soooooo. been doing this shit in mama africa since before we knew east asia, so get over it
you are not serious!!! officially turning the ponies human?!! that is just terrible! wtf are they thinking; they're inviting high school pedofile perverts into the fanbase this way. as is the horse enthusiasts were not enough. if they really wanted to bring humans into g4, they would do their best to replicate the g1 pilot with megan and her family.
you dont get to tell me that i personally dont go through shit if youre not me, got it? you dont get to decide if my people has actually face oppression because your opinion means shit when facts are facts. got it, sweetheart? :)
you will not succeed in converting me back to cis , white for i have estrogen, spironolactone, latinidad and the will to stay trans with full force of 790,00 active duty strong australatina defense forces.
yscohb&&newline<kevin> you suck cock on hollywood boulevard
ya know, i may not understand fictionkin a whole lot..but i still love them, just like any other kin type. love you guys
ya know..as a fat girl, i have a few enemies. one of those being stairs. im fine with walking (to an extent), but as soon as there as any inclinenope. stairs are pretty much the bane of my existence and i try very hard to avoid places that have them. life isnt always fair and sometimes i do have to try to conquer them.
yahoo ceo marissa meyer has gone so far as to support the practice 'work at home', it is the good way to earn more and more money at home.$45h - $65h...how? part time or full time, i've been bringing in $63hø , you can make $38h easily. you can check it out here...
yay fat and chubby witches!!!
yeah i agree, but ill just take my parent for an example. my father was 24 when he got into a relationship with my mother, who was 15 at the time. theyre still married and -more importantly- they are happy with each other. ofcourse, they sometimes argue, but they also have those sweet moments when i walk in the room and they are hugging. so indeed, the difference is huge, but it can work out.
yeah i found the default names a little lacking - i personally have certain names i use for my rpg characters, and the fact that we can't rename on ffv is a downer.
yeah fuck these guys trying to whitewash assad, caro almost certainly died in a syrian torture prison.
yeah isn't that part of the business climate in japan? like, dudes napping at their desk is considered a good thing because it means they're working so hard they're tired. i mean there are other really shitty aspects about working there but that's pretty cool at least.
yeah rectal coke is great. i did it at my friends schools spring fling last year and his dorm was right next to the stage. i'd run in, mix up a point ina spoon with some water, suck it up in an oral syringe, and bend over. the ritual is really fun and i became a laser beam in the mosh pit. it was v smooth. planning on doing it tonight: it's the french way of life
yeah the more a look at communism the more it seems like it's similar to prison or a group home. i really don't even like calling it communism. i think i would prefer to call it fascist statism or orderism. the more i think about it the more surprised i am that it actually got off ground as a movement of any kind. it's so...strange. like a cult or something.
yeah women are sociopaths that will chase after the type of men they are attracted to without a care in the world for men they think are unattractive, they show no mercy to these men. they will exterminate the genes of unattractive men, as well as shy, awkward, etc. men with the same attitude that hitler tried to exterminate jews.
yeah, i don't get why people care if so and so historical figure was asexual. i mean, it's not like we can ask them. i get caring about modern figures, since popular celebs coming out as ace is good for spreading awareness. but, someone who died hundreds or thousands of years ago? no one can know.
yeah, i legitimately own four hentai series on dvd, two of which i remember seeing at the hentai room at my local convention in previous years, and despite all my personal and mental health issues, i'm far from a trump supporter and like most people here an outspoken feminist. but to be fair, that comment was one of the most glorious burns to ever be spoken on an american news channel.
yeah, because sex is gross (when chicks do it). any woman who is sexualized in pop culture has some major issues or is just jerk-off material for dudes. no way a lady would want to be sexy because it's enjoyable. those chicks who cosplay sexy characters, they're so oppressed! it's not like they had a choice! please, would some white knight come save these innocent, pure women from their suffering?
yeah, except i was born and had some of my childhood in communist poland, i remember the famine, supermarkets with empty shelves, martial law, thankfully the genocides were a bit before my time.
yeah, it might upset some people, but the amount of people who appreciate the character that isn't a walking cliche, like the cliche that samurai must be japanese, will vastly outnumber the people who would be upset at it.
yeah, it's why i call communism the 'same shit, different paint job' in that respect, since the main tendency for any government system involved is that some form of elite will trickle upwards after the initial confusion.
yeah. but dont worry, its still safe until the fda decides to change their mind. and that is why you cant trust whats being sold in stores.
yeah. i shaved my chest and tummy hair for the first time the other night, and all it did was to illustrate exactly how fat i am.
yeah... i get like op sometimes, and i'd probably irrationally hate you too.
yep, very strong non-dom christian ak/dl here. likewise, i'd love to talk more about it to anyone who wants to.
yes - sometimes you have to fake it until you make it. works with happiness to. one trick is to hold a pencil in your mouth (like a horse bit) because it forces your jaw and muscles in a position similar to a smile.
yes optimus prime 4 president! i agree that he would definetly clean up the mess that bush made and fix this counrty up better than anyone could eva fix this counrty! :)
yes and no. i understand fully that i am in a human body. i have had an extremely strong connection to pluto and plutos moons since i was a little kid. i dont feel that way for any other planets or stars or anything. the way that i feel is a desire to become one with pluto, to be pluto. pluto is not just my home, pluto is who i am. pluto is my true self, my human body is just a host.
yes, gay marriage hurts me personally
yes, i mean pony porn. and just to clarify, there's no interspecies between humans and non-humans involved.
yes, being in a female dominated field, i do know what it means to be marginalized.
yes, indeed, we psychologists know our business.
yes, lets move our country towards dictatorship, someone should install prosecutors for life in cities all across america instead of having the people who live in those places choose them themselves.
yes, my name is bob and i am a cis grrrrl, altho genderfluid.
yes, there's more to do about lgbt issues, but of you can't enjoy a step in the right direction you are acting as if complaining is more important.
yes, this 'borat' clip is hilarious but is it any wonder that vegetarians usually say that their cheese addiction is the only thing that's stopping them from turning vegan, with this sort of selection available? #cheese #vegan #borat #veganude.
yes, you read that right. i took pecan pie and turned it into baklava. {your yoga pants love me right now, dont they?}
yes. i was merely cute as a dude and as a lady i'm pretty fucking ugly. thankfully, i've already been married for 15 years so i don't have to worry about it too much, but i still do. every day.
yes. yes to salad spinners. they are greater than you can imagine. in fact, i am healthier than the average human because i own a salad spinner.
yes; our society should be an iq-based hierarchy. society already is an iq based hierarchy. smart people go farther and gain more respect than other types. it's just the way things are. not to say that equality isn't important and that we shouldn't treat all other people with compassion.
yesterday i was literally thinking about going to thailand or so to ' work ' in the bars where sex tourists pick up girls.
yesterday, i decided to step down as an admin of babyfurs united. this has nothing to do with you, and it's not personal. the reason is i'm permanently and definitively leaving furaffinity. no, i'm not leaving the fandom, you can still find me on sofurry (and probably on weasyl as well soon), but i don't want to be on this website anymore.
yo baby killers. red states donate a higher percentage of their income to charities etc than blue states even though they earn less. ...so what was that thing on us not caring again? go ahead and fact check it. the numbers don't lie.
yo my friend you ain't my friend no more my friend
yo other non-binary/trans friends. is it normal to mentally misgender yourself? i think it may be because im surrounded by co-workers, customers, and my parents who constantly call me she but i dont know i didnt used to do that as much so now im having kind of an identity crisis i guess?
yo someone get in my motherfuckin bed i want some motherfuckin hugs but aint no motherfuckin cause it ace in here yo.
yoga pants should be illegal in public anyway
you absolutely can call yourself otherkin without meditation. meditation is just a tool that helps some people focus and understand their feelings and identities better. as long as you feel like you are your kintype, and you have experiences that make you feel like you are kin, you can call yourself kin!
you all can just go ahead and call me gay, meaning stupid, dumb or homo, because i am ho mo for women, and none of any of you are going to ever change who i am there!
you are a typical left wing socialist that wants to try and destroy everything thatcher achieved. ?
you are as sensitive and sexy as pan. lord help women when you begin to fondle them. you are master of their bodies, master of their souls as you may consciously wish. you have no karma to pay for these acts. you cannot now accumulate karma for you are a master adept. your voice is low and compelling to them. singing to them, for you sing like a master, destroys their will to resist.
you are beginning an adventure. treat it as an adventure. and may you never be the same again.
you are getting the royal blood of the stewarts, no less, which puts you into direct line, after me, of course, to the throne of scotland.
you are now comparing me to buffalo bill which is actually one of my triggers.
you aren't an assertive woman, you're just a bitch. (coming from an actual assertive woman who knows when to be respectful and how not to be a bitch and call it feminism) you give actual assertive women a bad name.
you backed an oppressed persyn to a corner, now you reap a serious anti-cis-white uprising you will come to regret. this is 100 percent the fault of the oppressor classes.
you become acclimated to the darkness there, finding in it a kind of kinship, even, for a time, a level of comfort. once you reach that point, there is more joy and awe to be found even in creepy explorations of the unknown.
you call me a misogynist as if it's a bad thing. since you are lgbt, you're mind differs from that of a man. don't gay men identify with women more or something? educate me on this. any man who bends over for another man obviously has a different way of thinking that differs from straight men.
you can call me rune. i'm a demiboy and i go by he/him pronouns or xe/xer pronouns. my kintypes are merfolkkin, darkangelkin, and fictionkin. this is a place for me to talk about and explore my own journey as otherkin. please feel free to introduce yourself an ask questions!
you can call me ahuviya (ahu for short) , chairwoman/peoples republic of ahuviya harel (official communist titular names), lady gulag (my bdsm mistress/dom name), jingles (my bdsm slave/sub name), or harel (my last name in military situations).
you can catch me in the alleyway gettin' drunk and high
you can complain about the presentation but fallout 3 actually contains themes and structure that can be analyzed and compared to real literature.
you can have socialism and capitalism. as evidence, i would like to present exhibit a: the united states america, a socialist, capitalist republic. a place where you have to buy food, but primary and secondary education are free. you have to buy a car, but you do not have to buy emergency fire services .
you can not police us so get off our areolas
you can remove impacted stools on your own, fyi. use some lube and get on up there and poke it apart. it's less unpleasant than shitting out a tree trunk, and has less potential to fuck your ass up (lol).
you can use arrowroot powder to thicken soups, sauces, and stews. it works exactly like cornstarch but without the scary refinement process or question of: are there gmos in this?.
you can't fight titty hall
you cannot change that it's lgbtqa. if you really want to shove out cishet aces and aros, you also have to shove out cishet trans people. cishet gays and lesbians and bisexuals.
you cant look at a woman tell them what they like and dont like. this is why radical feminism will never work, because it is so exclusionary.
you could always try being a twitch streamer. i won one of those 'set for life' 2 thousand dollars a week scratchoff tickets and one of my hobbies is finding random streamers to shower with cash out of nowhere. i've learned though that it's best just to do it randomly to someone who seems cool then move on like mary poppins, if you get a crush on a woman and think you can buy her heart you're going to have bad time.
you could pick up a big bag of carrots from any store out therebut how will you know if they meet your standards for ethically grown produce? let whole foods market aid in your decisions, with the help of their new produce rating program.
you deserve a good beating that's my belief
you do realize that the flag simply signifies that these are ex-confederate veterans right?  that doesnt necessarily imply they are bad.
you don't get it,&&newline<kevin> they just sign an order and put you away with the loonies.  they jam you full of drugs and fry your brains!  they even take your skull apart with an ice pick!  they ain't happy unless you're a complete vegetable!  and you don't have to have done nothing!  the government depends on them completely to do away with birds they don't want around!
you don't need to be mentally ill to be kin. you don't need to be disabled or use it to cope. it's just a very abnormal or strong connection to a character and you'll 'awaken' as them to know you're really kin (it's a weird feeling that happens and you just /know/) but people don't like doubles because it causes some to dissociate, panic, etc. like if you saw a double of yourself and everyone treated them like the real thing and you like a
you engaged in prostitution with the egyptians, your neighbors with large genitals, and aroused my anger with your increasing promiscuity.
you english speakers can¥t speak portuguese... and is very funny to hear!
you fail to realize that people are born with their kinks, just like people are born gay/straight/trans/non-binary/etc. kink shaming is just as despicable as being homophobic or transphobic.
you fucking asshole, you're going to the rpf. that'll teach you to fuck up.
you fucking morans. zimmerman underwent a federal grand jury investigation for over over a year and was found not to have done anything other that defended himself. i can't believe people are still thinking he murdered the kid. he survived scrutiny from the state and the feds and was acquitted.
you genuinely believe that lesbians have never enacted physical, social, or legislative violence against trans women for being trans or are you just pretending in the hopes that no one catches you on that one?
you genuinely think that hundreds of thousands of trans woman would go through hell just to destroy your idea of womanhood?
you guys are too caught up in this whole myth of the 'working poor' who basically don't exist. if you work full time, you're very unlikely to be poor. it just doesn't happen. i know you like to think of the super hardworking poor single mother getting screwed over by big companies, but it's a myth in developed countries.
you guys continually post lies. i used to think that anyway. then i just realized that all the cruzlims are low-information. maybe they should watch something else other than al cruzeera.
you have a healthy sense of humor and a quick wit. maybe you're trans, non-binary, butch, or masculine centered. preferably you identify as queer. you like being spoken to in a firm voice. you like being (consensually) manhandled and objectified. you like a lazy sunday morning. you like to laugh at corny jokes...and maybe you know some? you have more to say than, 'hey'.
you have my word as an avid gamer, lamb of god, and humble human being that i will work very hard to save, save, save.
you have no idea the power of words and messages. 1984 was a smart guy like me and dr. ben are trying to explain how this fucks with someones brain, but set to a cool narrative so people could maybe learn something, but didn't. this is why people criticize 'political correctness.' what people say and read changes how they think, its intolerant of free-thought. aka, gamersgate, nazis,
you have to keep in mind that these people have traditionally enjoyed official administrative defense against non-leftist political thought on these forums for close to a decade or longer.
you know another thing i should mention that like you know another reason why masturbation is all right is because you're not risking anybody else or getting a sexual disease. and just to let you know, if you are a virgin before you've started, and you haven't done anything with anyone else, you're still classified as a virgin.
you know black people are the ones that initialized more of slavery. look at the ducking pyramids and shit. african people actually sold many of the slaves to other countries.
you know damn well that a palestinian state would just turn into a war torn shithole where religious minorities are slaughtered
you know that in judaism there's six genders, right? are you an antisemite?
you know the drill. do not reblog if you are a porn blog, do not reblog if you are fetishizing me, do not reblog if you invalidate my womanhood.
you know what's really annoying? telling people that you're lionkin. they always think i'm saying 'lion king' and always make the connection to the disney movie. like no. i am not simba, but i am a lion.
you know what, fuck germany. they did a bad thing. and a player shouldn't feel good when they are conquering europe as them in a game. at least if they are in any way a decent human being.
you know who/what is 'on fleek?' jesus. my savior. my love. my ultimate hero. jesus is on fleek.
you know why harry potter is amazing? 99% of fan theories, headcanons and meta could be canon because harry is about as observant as a brick wall. did slytherins come back to fight in the battle of hogwarts? did draco malfoy enjoy crossdressing? was hermione transgender? who knows, certainly not harry
you know why white lives matter? because thats what white people believe. the dirty little secret is, black people dont believe that black lives matter.
you know you could listen to the experiences of trans sex workers instead of demonizing them for trying to make life better for trans people.... :/
you know, i am really happy i got to just spend a day in my home in diapers without any responsibilities for just one day!
you live in new jersey and must be sympathetic of many people's reaction to muslims post 9/11. i think its important to remind muslims that the attacks on our country and the attrocities perpertrated in the name of the muslim religion understandably cause many people pause towards muslims.
you may be book smart, but that does not make you all-knowing or wise.  yes, we could be gal pals, but you have to also realize that i still  have the ugly growth that if we were in bed, you could enjoy this near  seven incher damn cock!
you may be book smart, but that does not make you all-knowing or wise. yes, we could be gal pals, but you have to also realize that i still have the ugly growth that if we were in bed, you could enjoy this near seven incher damn cock! relationships work best when both partners take it seriously. i have been serious about it; you are showing that you've been very lackadaisical and ignorant for a while now.
you may be my big brother, but i still change your diapers! (for you to wear)
you may have implied there are only 2 genders. did you mean all genders? there are >2. if not, have a nice day :)
you may only have moments to get away from a dangerous situation. you don't have time to consider whether running away from a large black man is racist. it may, in fact, save your life some of the time at the cost of being mildly offensive.
you may think you can sit on the sidelines. you may think you can opt-out of the culture war. you may think you can hide behind your trendy naked leena dunham t-shirt while you sip trendy drinks talking about trendy shows and writing columns demanding christians be forced by the state to bake cakes, provide flowers and farms, and offer up photographs of gay weddings.
you might ask yourself: 'how would i feel if someone invaded my property and took something that belongs solely to me? how would i feel if they explain to me that x told them that it was okay if they took what was mine, because 1-i have more money than they do, 2-it's not harming you, 3-other people do it, 4-it's out there and they don't have the money to buy it themselves? it wouldn't be a nice feeling!
you must live in north korea or something because i have never heard of that
you need to fuck yourself with a knife or i'll find you and do it for you hon
you need to learn to enjoy fat chicks. they are lonely as fuck and will practically pay money to blow you. join one of those fat admirer web sites.?
you need to let go!  i have been wearing diapers for 40+ years.  several years ago i decided that if i was going to stay in diapers i needed to do it 100% or not at all.  i now wear diapers 24/7 and i poop and pee my diapers.  i also use extremely crinkly plastic pants.  if you love being a baby and wetting your pants, you will love messing in them.  it feels and smells absolutely wonderful.
you only live once. if you want to shit yourself, you should be free to.
you prefer mao (who killed 70 million) over hitler (who killed 7 million), perhaps because hitler was an underachiever.
you realize, @secretlyradfem , that in america, women literally have more legal rights than men, right? about five more, in fact. women are not oppressed. we cannot be oppressed if we have more rights than men.
you really are just sp arent you? i wqaited to get this crap? i cant even believe it. you just cant work or do can you? ys ys ys ys ys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you say the bible has an extremely poor track record so give me one bible prophesy that has been wrong.
you see i have the weirdest fantasy in the world. ever since my preteen bedwetting days, i have loved the idea of boys or men being put into diapers and completely controlled by the females in their lives rather it be mommy, wife, or even little sister. but wait as they say in the commercials. it gets worse. my fantasies also involve those same males being turned into sissy baby girls. surely, i could never admit to that!
you see these pounds? (yeah) you need chronic
you see these rocks? (yeah) the fiends want it
you see this cash? (yeah) that's obscene profit
you see, i have a dream, i have my dream, and that dream is to give birth, to have, to share a daughter with my wife-to-be, and her name would be crystal.
you seem to believe all these stories about me(like what the fuck was with that about me stalking young girls at a con, or exposing myself in the bathrooms? and you all believed that without a thought?) but if i say something that's actually fairly reasonable and consistent it gets thrown out.
you seriously think that because patriarchy values nominally cismasculine labour more, prisons enslave more camabs?
you should bear in mind that grouse, and game in general, keeps many people employed. it's not just the rich toffs you think of, but beaters, carriers, processors, packers, butchers, drivers, etc.
you should go to the burlesque show for halloween. i won a prize for my s&m themed werewolf costume last time i went.
you should learn a little more about these 'christian folk' before spewing your hatred against them, the way you say their spewing hatred against gays. jesus would serve gays, and then he would sit with them and made sure they got plenty. he would give them the clothes he wears if they were homeless. would he perform the marriage between two gay partners? no. its all in the 'event'
you shudder as your breasts expand expand to completely unreasonable proportions. good luck moving, as these puppies are now larger than you are. it is doubtful you may be able to walk forwards, so you may have to deal with going backwards, if you can even move.
you stop being a fucking jackass and let people do what they want in the privacy of their own lives. gods why the fuck is it so hard for people to let others just fucking do what they want with other consenting adults, granted there are people who like to abuse within the confines of the framework of bdsm and such, but why the fuck would you tell two, or more, consenting adults that what they like to do without bothering anyone else is wrong.
you suckers know who's the baddest in town (what)
you talked shit and that was the beef
you transphobic piece of shit cisbian, i have every right to be there just as much as you do.
you two best communicate, amigo. this lifestyle/fetish/what have you is extremely varied and what seems like a good idea to one person isn't as such to another. get your minds entirely out of the daddy/daughter roles for a few hours and sit down and talk about it. maybe have her think about it, things she'd like to do, then discuss it. it'll be a lot better in the long run if the ideas come from you two, rather than a discussion board on the in
you uncultured swine dysphoria is not a requirement to be trans, there are no more trans than another and if she feels comfortable now with her body let her be. what do you want? to see her crying and thinking about killing herself so she will pass your trans-meter?
you wanna go against chuggo? yo, fuck that! (you wanna go against chuggo, yo fuck that!)
you want this society to get into space? start considering that life can handle force.  you want this culture to survive, realize that it is life than handles force.
you watch too many movies. any girl openly walking the street is not being held hostage or forced to work. they are just lazy, irresponsible girls with records who would rather make money stripping, back paging, and streetwalking than going to a temp agency and have to actually live a responsible life of not using drugs, going to bed on time, and not being out partying all night.
you will hear a mother talk about how she and her young daughter became targets of terf hate, you will hear from cis women who became targets of terf hate because they dared support trans people and you will hear from radical feminists who are tired of having the radfem identity automatically associated with a  group obsessed with targeting the trans community and its allies.
you would love conversation with me i'm the most caring and respectful man alive. my name is kevin
you'd look adorable with my girldick stuffed in you. especially begging for it, too.
you'll have to wipe or dab after your sit-down-pee, like any other girl. you also might want to have a pantyliner in your knickers, in case you get horny and a bit wet. precum patches wetting through your panties are a bit slutty, aren't they? (but then, you might like that, who knows?)
you'll never sell records because your rap sucks (brap)
you're a cultural marxism peddler. i am white and i think i am in the very same group as blacks and all other races, namely the group called 'individuals'. all we need to do is fight for individual rights and teach people respect is earned on an individual basis.
you're a moron for believing in a god and a moron for thinking women can't be whores. women who make money by showing their bodies, like miley, and women who have sex with strangers for money, like your mom, are whores. so, remember that and next time you kiss your mom maybe you'll taste all the men who have cum in her mouth...
you're a terf and it's honestly so fucking embarrassing how does it feel to be that fucked up you're mere existence hurts people and you will never be a safe person to be around
you're basically saying i should stop posting everywhere forever if i don't like what you're doing, which is absolutely ridiculous. it just proves that you're trying to intimidate someone into silence(some of you, others just want to keep up the lolcow though, some are a mix of both). this is 100% wife beater logic. you can't keep accusing someone of abuse when you habitually use what is professionally regarded as the language of abusers.
you're being stupid. read the rape policy for any large organization, and if you can crack open your eyes and take your fingers out of your ears for a moment, and you'll see that there are some very tangible benefits.
you're essentially having tea with hitler. i do not wish to watch anyone who still talks with dragondicks/cuteosphere.
you're fucking crazy if you think that i'll ever change. i am i, i am me, i'll never change my ways. i'm a monster, and that's how i'll stay. condemned to predetermined damnation for eternity. i don't want you to cry, i don't even want you to care. don't you dare pray for me. these things i bury inside to keep away from the light.
you're getting so fat and well out of shape haha. i'm curious what's your biggest fantasy?
you're intimidating because you are this knowledgeable, absolutely gorgeous trans woman and i'm just a baby trans girl with lots to learn.
you're looking for ammo to use against someone so you can better stalk and abuse them. a lot of people go out of their way to be shit to you when you're trans so stop pulling this nonsense where trans people receive preferential treatment and you're being edgy rebels for going against that. this isn't just me or your other victims saying it, the sort of shit you're getting up to in this thread is considered at least as anti-social as what you
you're not the only one, hon. i've felt like that myself, and i'm in a similar place to you, life-wise. hatefatuation is hard, but it's a thing people feel and have to deal with. glad you have a great therapist. you'll be ok.&&newline<kevin> and it never seems to really go away. just switch targets. :(
you're obviously a pretty fucking stupid retarded idiot that doesn't know anything about history at all. you're a fucking commie liberal and deserve to die for supporting people like lenin who brought about millions of deaths through the invention and installment of communism. fuck you and i hope you die in a fucking fire
you're only female exclusive bc the men you want to fuck won't go within ten feet of your ugly ass
you're scum for saying what you said about chris kyle. if you don't like what he did for the country, why don't you go do it? because you don't have the guts to put your life on the line to help protect a whole country.
you're trying to throw me out! you think i'm trash. excuse me, i am wearing dior.
you're ultra sexy the way you are. anyway, i wanted to ask again how you deal with your parents. i'm a young future gainer in hiding because i don't know what my parents will think.
you've heard of my abortion and infanticide programs, of course.  got to keep the population down.  riffraff!
youtube is also filled with massive amounts of great information but in smaller doses and often accompanied by a friendly face and voice. i would have learned more about waxing cheese, filtering water, and stocking up on veterinary antibiotics, all of which would have been more practical than reading tips for buying property safe from rifle fire.
young men no longer stand at drugstores and make plaintive cries to young women in this age of the equal female; but what memories i have of those boyhood evenings at a bus stop named desire.
your addiction to wheat products is making you fat and unhealthy
your album's fuckin garbage and you're livin a lie
your analysis sucks ass and honestly the fact you dismissively refuse to state your position makes you look really iffy. sbo exists wrt intersex people. thats it. sorry for your loss. keep on reading kittyit tho.
your ass in that photo is the perfect cum target! daddy is so excited to play with the most little tiny blonde cum kitten in the whole school. should i unload my cock now??? like a filthy pig?
your athletic cunt proves it can put the squeeze on things, especially sensitive portions of the opposition. it can be difficult to tell if you're in rut or in battle sometimes.
your feel pussy feels wet with a familiar sensation as your female parts shift yet again. it is hard to say exactly what happened, aside from some rather impressive hips and an altered bone structure, but you are highly elastic at this point- a torso has its limits, but you might just be able to cram a portion of things larger than that within you.
your manhood engorges past all sense of reason and logic, the abomination ridiculously thick, and easily far taller and heavier than you. you wonder how you will remain conscious if you ever get an erection... wait, scratch that. you wonder how you will survive.
your pity is something you do because emotional wanking is fun sometimes.
your product is shit nobody wants to buy
your reasoning again is absolutely ridiculous. i can easily stop posting nonsense rants? in other words, you want to control my behaviour. my 'nonsense rants' include general stuff that talks about being trans, or even day to day life commentary. you want me to be entirely silent. whereas you can continue to 'laugh at morons' as if it's your god given right.
your responses to bondagepup are right on target.
your size will definitely be appreciated here whether you're male or female. create a profile, upload pics and videos and show what you've got!
youre saying youre not a terf and then youre repeating textbook terf beliefs. terf is not actually an insult, its a functional acronym describing the political position of certain people. it cant be reclaimed away from the trans people who coined the term.
youre saying youre not black and dayglo green shorts, a dayglo hawaiian shirt, nice
youre transphobic beyond belief. go step on a lego.
ze/she/xe/whatever
zesty paleo chicken bites
zima saved my life once. i'll always be grateful.
[10:47:58]&&newline<&poop> i want to go to mars hill church and tell them i was down there pulling towels for the wolf pack in person&&newline<kevin> i dont know what this means
[18+]enby gaming #tgirl | #trans chat support net @ tsukihi.me | #girlbulge2015 | @espygrrl is mah waifu | cb: erikaj | booking/contact: tscrystalrose@gmail.com
[ethics] bernie sanders supporters get a taste of what gamergate was fighting against over the past year due to cnn ignoring their voices and repeatedly deleting their comments
[gaming] wtf - capcom says 'no porn' sponsorships for capcom pro tour
[immediately starts humping the sex doll while making high-pitched moaning sounds]
[s]uccessful performances of american citizenship are tied to the visibility and concealment of queer life and death, disciplining of queer bodies according to conventions of gendered and raced citizenship in the us, production of queer difference vis-a-vis the demonized and dangerous muslim other, and the protection of the victimized third world queer.
[vocal atheist, teenager, egalitarian, #gamergate]
[wp] the events of 9/11 are switched. instead of middle eastern terrorists attacked america, american terrorists attack the middle east. write about the events and the changes it would have.writing prompt
[after being pulled over] maybe i can seduce my way out of a ticket...oh shit, it is a white man! ok, juwanna, you can still pull this off.
[caps lock and bold and italic text removed and link clarity added for accessibility]
[food pic] i made bacon, beef and asparagus 'sushi' w/ guacamole for dipping. album in comments.
[in a loud, passionate voice, with no hint of irony whatsoever] im stuck... as a virgin... with rage
[points at garrus] i'm commander shepard and this is my favorite love interest in the game. (sorry, i had to say it.)
[small whining voice] i wanna suck someone offfff ;~;
[sticks leg up in the air] i love being gay and genderless
a feminist(tm): i'm going to misgender you now. but its ok because its in service of my politix
a collection of my feels on logic over the past few years. bonus content is in added footnotes, as well as collecting some stuff that was on my tumblr but nowhere else.
a cool idea: any weight the feeder would put on is instead sent to the feedee
a couple of nights ago i had a wonderfull dream that i were a snail. without the slug part though the shell was alive. a yellow and black shell. this was to indicate transformation, into a beautifull, loved, little girl as aposed to an awkword, big, unexepted woman
a couple years ago this guy of another religion (sikh) basically yelled at me over fb pm for believing that jesus is the only way to god&&newline<evin>
a good aesthetic is 2 pet yr friends and call them good so they know they did a good job
a hairy cis woman is a thing to be applauded; a hairy trans woman is a thing to be laughed at. a cis woman with a deep voice is fine and should be proud of herself; a trans woman with a deep voice is a common punchline.
a lot of posts going around today earnestly urging people not to subject themselves to hormones and surgery, as if you can just fucking pick them up at the 7-11. the only purpose these posts serve is for cis people to insinuate to one another that gender variance is dangerous and corrupt and should be suppressed, and the idea that its something that can be lived in is somehow illusory
a man is just a person who's made a mistake
a pic of my oc ally, its been sitting around for a few months now. its been a struggle finding my way back to her world. its difficult writing a girl who is honest, sweet, kind, fun, silly, selfless, compassionate and as beautiful on the inside as she is on the outside, when no girl in reality has shown me any capacity to have any of those qualities.
a puffalo t'ak'ing a tiajjhoa tump' in yuj eaj' fjom Ínglish t'o it'alien
a text from my sister 'i wish you and the rest of the world would get out of israel's panties.'
a trans womans beauty is not determined by how well she can adhere to cis-centric standards of beauty&&newline<kevin> a non-white womans beauty is not determined by how well she can adhere to euro-centric beauty standards
accept the fact that blacks are 100% equal to whites in modern day america and stop victimizing yourselves. there is no such thing as institutional racism, blacks just commit crime more frequently. blacks are not underrepresented in the media. have you even watched the news in the past 10 years? jesus christ every time i go on this site i just realize the extent of how ignorant blacks can be.
access to sex is strictly controlled by the woman
according to the black community, im a dumbass white kid because im attracted to a school shooter. i dont know him, ive never had contact with him, im not friends with him. id just like to fuck him.im pretty sure if i commented on someone black person was attracted to and called them a dumb ass black kid id be bombarded with messages and comments calling me racist.but i mean black people are never racist right?
ace peoples place in sexuality discourse is actually fundamentally affirming of the validity of trans womanhood
aceflux
actually a mare's vagina is extremely muscular and can shape their walls to accommodate any sized partner
again, i need to stress that nick land as a body of work is something we should deterritorialise + steal from nick land the person, who can catch this patu imo
again. why dont we just have a backed coup at this point. we did it all the time in the 70s/80s/50s against relatively innocent people who didnt deserve it. why dont we do it against a real sack of shit. pay some shitheads in his goverment to kill assad and his brothers then replace them with someone who can be dealt with.
agender-waluigi reblogged this from jasper-rolls
ah luv u cockwaffle~
ah luv u cockwaffle~ ~mnmnmn~ -gllk?!
ahuviya harel araujo - 29., trans latin@ , lesbiana/lesbian , pronombre/pronouns: ellas/ella they/she, discapacitada/disabled.numero de registracion esclava / slave registration number 960-254-083
alarm clock: because every morning should begin with a heart attack
all the high school kids are outside at 8 in the morn and it makes me nostalgic. i walked over to this area a few days ago and saw this girl in a uniform and we exchanged gazes, i'm going to go over there today at the same time and see if she's there. i'll be chewing on a toothpick for extra appeal. the most important thing is to look cool and have people acknowledge that you are cool rather than actually interacting with th
all the people in my christian campus group posting on fb about all the fun things they get up to with their friends and im just sitting here like ._.
alloromantic people need to stop pretending romo relationships are the most important type of relationship and that being romantically attracted to people is what makes u a person
also i think the point of portraying steven as white and cis is that its teaching young white cis boys to be able to respect and look up to women/woc/qwoc like how steven does
also i watched two mark driscoll sermons these past few days lmbo&&newline<kevin> hes still go tit
also if u say i am skoliosexual and u mean i am attracted to skinny white afab ppl who look/dress kind of androgynous then we have a problem
also lol if you wouldnt explore the darkest corners of the human psyche for your anime.
also lol you guys talking someone down about spending time talking about pointless bullshit that's kind of precious
also: there is no inherent truth in the idea of sex, it's just another social construct just like gender - animals don't have sex, they just have sets of hormone-based instincts that make the adopt certain sexual behaviours. also, terf stands for 'trans exterminatory radical feminist' so if you're identyfing with this term you're pretty much saying you wish trans women didn't exist and are okay with them dying. if you're not like that, don't
am i agender and/or a demiboy, more at 11
am i an anime communist? no but i guess you could call me a fellow traveler
an elf queen could also have a beard
anarcha-commie trans dyke.
anarcha-commie trans dyke. autistic multiple system with bpd & avpd. white, poly, demisexual. very mentally ill. survivor. she/her.
and exposing us to heightened risk additional male violence.
and i came for the first time on that thing&&newline<kevin> i lost it to a teddyber&&newline<kevin> when i was 11
and in fact, we should recognize that there is something definitively fascist in godwin's law's purely procedural and unsubstantive rejection of antifascist rhetoric.
and no, that's not what i'm doing either. i don't think this board is going to come apart from me posting on it, lol. i think like most places it will eventually collapse into it's own hatred. this thought fills me with determination.
and of course when i talk about actual full on gay sex they be like all shy and stuff like? u were talking about flipping a girl like 2 seconds ago can i not talk about gay anal sex penetration once in a while? like fuck
and this is coming from someone who was largely sympathetic to their 'gaming journalism is corrupt' argument at the outset
anime is not real life. shota porn does not harm any physical human children during the course of its production. i cannot believe this is a point i have to make in the year 2015 but here we are
anime pedophilia is gross and weird but mostly harmless? like you could maybe argue for trying to fix their brains but y prison
another thing i'l point out is that the most rabid pro-abortion people i've ever met have been spinsters and spinsters-in-training who have a bizarre, seething venom towards motherhood, as well their betas whoms are afraid of getting yelled at for disagreeing
another thing is like, i think i have successfully trolled my dick into thinking its a vagina as far as self-lubrication when aroused goes. so much goddamn precum.
anti otherkin do not realise that being otherkin is different for every otherkin. i believe that i was a cat in a past life and that i shouldve been born one again. some folk believe that they will be born as a non human entity after this life. some believe they are descendants of a non human entity. some folk feel spiritually connected to a non human entity. its not just thinking youre not human.
anti-sjws who probably hate critical race theory but using its terms and imagery (e.g. colorblind racism) to dismiss any kind of radical trans woman ideology that places gender under scrutiny.
anti-slut-shaming podcast
anti-truscum, pro-otherkin, biological sex isnt real.
anyone else feel like life is a computer game and that there are different dimensions and that works of fiction are windows into other planes of the universe and that when you dream you go to other dimensions
anyone living in los angeles on any 100 streets please be careful or better yet stay indoors unless youre driving. theres gangs going around killing people. its a game theyre playing. to kill 100 people in 100 days and so far theyve killed 18 people. theyre willing to kill anyone. please please be careful.
anyone remember january of 2015 when we all agreed that in the new year we would watch tv regularly and finish the show
anyway the end of my weekly rant about how monotheism is blasphemy.
anywho i didnt say joss whedon was good. but hes not the originator of the black widow character, or the sexist tropes that it trades on. and this hasnt caused people to say 'hey, the black widow character is fucking dumb' its caused them to rally around black widow as if his treatment of her was somehow a corruption of the original.
appreciation of aesthetic beauty without any of the clouding sexuality, i can look at her as if she were a pretty painting.  #prosofasexuality #prosofbeingasexual
arabic, not unlike tolkein's elvish script, is beautiful to see
are negroes from america and carribbean stronger than ones from africa
are there any cishet cryptids?
are you a nail art demisexual or a clipped short demisexual?
are you a terf? there are amab butch women?
are you fucking dumb did you even read the post kill yourself and all your radfem freinds before i have to
are:clopfic readings, ytps, trolling videos, fumble dubs, machinamas, dub step music videos. my favorite music:dubstep, rap(some), rock. my hobbys:surfing youtube, steam, garrys mod, outlast
armin arlert from attack on titan is hella ace/aro, but in a polyplatonic relationship with eren and mikasa
aroace ppl are a part of our open, diverse community and they deserve the same amount of love and respect as yall demand for any other trans, lesbian, nb, gay person around, but yall are fucking gatekeeping lgbtq spaces to the point where those who dont belong in cishet spaces cant be accepted here either because youre elitist, entitled brats
artists fuck better because we turn sex into art, masterpieces, mattresses become canvases where we can paint our love to someone with bodies.
as a canadian the idea of a death tax is really terrifying to me and i'm actually kind of shocked americans of all people put up with it&&newline<kevin> also i've seen the house you grew up in on google maps. might want to ask your parents what their net worth is.
as a result i was sent to a psychyatrist who also failed to coax the reason for my behavior out of me and diagnosed me with depression, anxiety, schizotypal disorder, and bi polar disorder all at serperate times.
as for orientation, im panplatonic, quoiromantic and demisexual
as it turns out having sex for money and favours can actually be really traumatising esp if you have lots of asexual feelings and dont actually enjoy it
asexual ppl are discriminated against and face violence for being ace, and there is date to support this, from studies and personal accounts. no ace has the same privileges and power a heteromantic heterosexual has, and lumping heteromantic aces with straight ppl is disingenuous at best and dangerous at worst
asexuality and aromaticism are queer in and of themselves so nope youre wrong
ashley.xe,xer.18+ only nsfw don't reblog my nudes if you're a man
asking for legal sex on a form is nothing but an ideological move to enshrine birth assignment in a position it does not occupy, and to intimidate trans people into surrendering their identities in the face of state power.
assuming this is about bowie i want to point out that he almost definitely was not a cis male
autistic-lapis
ayy gurl, you must be a gorilla exhibit because i want to throw a little kid in you
baby got a lot of diapers he also said that no i'm not gay i just like to mess them so i got a bunch of diapers and now i'm all wet messy and i also got my package diapers today in the mail
back in graduate school i would spend hours at the photocopier scanning kinks. you know. for educational purposes
baedan, against the gendered nightmare
baeddelbitch
basically it reminded me of the smug nerds (in the bad sense of the word) i had to deal with back on anime irc in 2000/99
basically its snake people, or sneople vs sneeple (snail people)
be aggressive as fuck with your aro headcanons, your ace headcanons, your disability headcanons, your trans headcanons. yell about them. be loud. demand attention for them. dont ever shut up about them&&newline<kevin> important addition: support and protect fans who need these headcanons from the hate and abuse they get over them.
be sure to include #trench foot
because i always felt monstrous. i always felt like i had no place in this world, and seeing monster girls on one hand hurt because i felt i couldnt be that powerful, i couldnt ever have their claws or their scales or their horns, so why bother with anything? but then i realized i could have a different power, the power of being a woman. and you know what? im a trans woman, to society at large i am a monster. and i wear that with pride.
because its harming the child when you spank them and spanking someone in sexual context is their own fucking terms. let people do what the fuck they want to do its none of your buisness what two consentual adults do in the bedroom you fucking asshole
because of this choice i have met sisters and comrades who have enriched my life tremendously, people for whom i would fight and die, people i will defend and love unconditionally. interrogate and dismantle cisness. defend and uphold the weak, the feminine, the fake and gay.
because masculine is our societys default, it is easier transition your gender expression towards masculine, than away from it. you encounter less resistance and less violence moving in one direction than the other.
being able to express my kinks in a healthy way that leaves me feeling good and not gross and ashamed and meeting other people like me :^)
being compared to a nazi is not fun, sorry
being dfab but trans means that the patriarchy views you as moving away from femininity and towards masculinity (regardless of how you identify) and rewards you thus. being dmab and trans means that the patriarchy views you as moving away from masculinity and towards femininity (regardless of how you identify) and punishes you thus. &&newline<kevin> so being dfab and trans gives you privilege over people who are dmab and trans.
being genderless literally can be dated back to mesopotamia and there are still people who act like its an internet fad thats just incredible to me
being transgender and a lesbian was the best choice i ever made
bell hooks vs. beyonce is like the modern representation of how radical feminists and liberal feminists interact and are seen. like watching a beloved prep and a non-conforming emo in high school squabbling.
best thing about the underbelly is feeling the cool and cold fat! the new fat! the place where all the kfc goes! the place that will end up growing to cover your cock!
between the hammer of terf gender abolitionism and the anvil of liberal pro-gender trans politics, how do i convey my authentic revolutionary sex-gender abolitionnist proletarian feminism?
beverley anne they/them or she/her 20 nonbinary demigirl
big gay dragon babe from slime dimension
biphobic monosexuals are the lgbt equivalent of the older sibling that hits their baby sibling because theyre no longer the only one getting their parents love
bite me commies. leftist revolution was never a real danger in us or in western europe, so ascribing any reforms to fear of it makes no sense
black youth should pulls their damn pants up.
block me if you deny the manipulation behind trans men using their birth assignment to abuse lesbians.
bloggeress, animation junkie, comics devotee, illustration lover, lingerie fetishist, sexuality & gender advocate
bloody hell every single email i get from the reagan presidential foundation is them begging for money
bones, very tall and made of wood, nb trans woman, white, 22, mentally ill, poorly behaved, she/it
boobs? i think you mean my screen cleaners.
boreddd out my mine spent all day with my family had a very good nice xmas now am ready to have to have fun so if you free hit me up i live by the mall you have to send your picture
brb brunch&&newline<kevin> microwaved hotdogs with salsa
bro, you got me so horny i can absolutely fuck your ass now bby
btw if everything i'm saying is really that stupid/untrue why would you bother responding to it or defending the other position
btw if you want my nsfw blog is gayladytrashzone dot tumblr, it is 18+ and very bad and mostly me making whiny text posts. rip
btw soylent does no questions asked/no return refunds. just a lil tip for the poverty gamer that needs their free gamer fuel
btw this is kevin
but also fuck revolutionary subjects, insurrection can generalize anywhere and everywhere at any time given the right social rupture and society is teetering on the brink all the time and can fall tho we may not win if it does.
but i definitely dont think i am jesus christ anymore. my current spiritual life assessment is that i am the mortal reincarnation of santa claus
but i was kind of ashamed to admit i was kinky, and so was my gf, and we managed to last5 years of dating and living together before discovering that. i liked tying her up, and she got off on it. for me, though, it wasn't just about tying women up, it was about taking their agency away. the ties, the blindfolds, the gags  it was all in service of being able to say, your body is mine, you're gone now, i control everything.
but seriously that bugs me like where the hell is the support specifically for trans aces, gay aces, bi aces, ace lesbians, acearos where are the support specifically for them because theres so much energy put into defending cishets on this site.
but they do, most of them, my family is rather wise. no fags and love for chimps. so your family is quite infested i reckon? you have some shaft dwellers, raging dykes or is your mum a feminist? -swamp- yes! you think they would start avoiding you if you were to start actin like real human being?
but women do lie about rape for malicious reasons lol. are you bothered that that actually exists? bc it does. men's lives are ruined for things they didn't do. that's what should bother you
butch, trans, she/her pronouns
butch, trans, she/her pronouns married, poly, autistic lesbian furry nerdcore rapper
buy my dirty panties you cuck
by saying 'all women have vaginas' you're literally reducing people with vaginas to just that trait, regardless of whether or not they experience womanhood. by saying 'all women have vaginas' you're reinstating the notion that the only important part of a woman (with or without a vagina) is her genitals lol why are terfs so fake
call me pandora or pan or something i honestly don't care&&newline<kevin> bigender truscum&&newline<kevin> they/them pronouns
calvinism ftw [for the win]. yes
can i get advice? im in a small group of mostly transgirls and im nb, they dont respect my identity and feel that im not really queer or trans even when im agreeing with them they say its a trans only issue, am i really just a man i dont want that :(
can someone from anime communist tumblr please post that video of those cartoon cats or hamsters or whatever marching along in a marching band playing that happy song
can someone please get cis women to stop fetishizing their periods like&&newline<kevin> ok maybe theres a reason there is a stigma for it. youre fucking bleeding. that. is. gross.&&newline<kevin> fact.
can we please stop acting like talking about the violent coercion of trans women to conform to femininity erases the existence of trans women that actively reject femininity
can you make gluten free hardtack?
can't stand when you show such a hate towards monarchy, my god, you're so bitter! most european countries live under monarchies, so what's the big deal with the one in your country? stop already, it's getting old, geez
cant corn fuck you scrabbles
cant wait till this wretched cisgender dies : ^ )
capitalism is a problem and shoplifting is the solution.
carnists:don't murder-shame me
casting spells at me are you? that's risky business doing that to somebody like me. i have spirit guardians. the real kind. not ones that got conjured up in a video game.
catcher in the rye was an amazing book
childhood is when you idolize batman adulthood is when you realize that the joker makes more sense
chipotles hot salsa is wayt too hot for me  f uc k
chronically bi. cis. black feminist
cigarettes would be perfect if they didnt age you like a million years. fucking destroy every other organ idc just not my beautiful skin.
cis neurotypical ppl claiming to relate to madotsuki i laugh in your faces
cis society is structured to confine and destroy trans people in the hopes that only the barest minimum actually exist, no cis person is ever going to tell you that youre trans in a way that will help you. if you think you might be trans, you dont have to keep waiting. youre trans.
cis women do not need safe spaces specifically for cis women, we experience misogyny even more than you do, and we face further oppression just for being trans; you do not have it worse than us,
cis-radfems-are-a-joke
cisbos are just plain nasty.
cissexism is also a product of colonialism.
cissexist table is cissexist... will work beautifully for the people clapping hardest at your bit
columbo is so smart and so good at everything i love him i want columbo to be my grandpa
come to pride with me so we can kiss in front of all the biphobic monosexuals and make them jealous of how hot we are
compared to gulag's the american prison industrial complex is not that bad
concept: padme amidala recieving the praise she deserves for being such a kick-ass female lead
condoms are so expensive ,,, i am 100% pro condom shoplifting ,, it shouldnt cost money to be a hoe
confession: i haven't been to mass in 3 weeks now. francis the faggot has destroyed my faith in the post-vatican ii rcc.
conflating sexual attraction with sex is like saying nourishment is derived from hunger
conscious experimentation with gender in society is extremely important and i encourage people to transition but i dont do that just because i think people should leave their birth assignment. i want a society where we are allowed to wander around sex and gender aimlessly for any reason or none at all
considerably reduced discharge - sometimes even none at all, but also what comes out will be delicious
constructed identity as self-care. performance as self-care. aesthetic as self-care. these things are so valuable, constructing a self you like and cherish is so valuable, choosing to be a person you enjoy is so valuable
cool to see cis people deciding which other cis people are allowed to call out transphobia with absolutely no regard for what trans people actually think
daddy's kitten wants cummies
damn, beetle bailey gettin fuckin real!
dang why cant i be funny on irc :(
danielle | 18 | tall gay trans girl | poly she/it
date a terf who doesn't exclude people that are different from them due to internalized prejudice. actually, that's what a terf does. whoops. don't date a terf, actually
dating games, part i: why i love saints row iv, or how to dismantle a heteronormative romance culture
dear gay dragon eva; how do you feel about corrin, the latest trans girl in smash? namely the way she has body horror vaguely breath-of-fire-ey attacks?
dear non ace people im like real??? im demigirl demisexual demiromantic and i will not hesitate to go full out percy jackson demigod on anybody who says otherwise
decreased libido - i almost instantly stopped feeling the need to masturbate so much which was great since it was kinda fucking me up, but was still perfectly capable of achieving erection/arousal on my own terms
devas spend so much time being ponderously blissful and jacking off all day that by the time they die theyve gone into karma debt so they get reborn as a cockroach or something
did cary enjoy his/her time here&&newline<samog> he died&&newline<bonclay> i hope that he died&&newline<bonclay> did&&newline<bonclay> no&&newline<bonclay> i just typed died because samog said it&&newline<bonclay> i dont hope he died
did walt disney really hate jews or is that something that family guy made up
did y'all know there's a tumblr that for a year and a half wad dedicated to watching my every online move & spinning a narrative that im an abuser, doxxer, pedophile-cuddler, anti-semite, antiblack racist?
did you take home a leather daddy and find out he has a puss puss
dmitri orion: queer expert on cute dogs and cute girls. i like art and terrible tv shows. passionate about intersectional feminism, galaxies, street art, forests, and talking about how pointless the gender binary is. a very cool witch and a fake filmmaker with no degree who almost always has paint on their hands. nonbinary + transmasculine prince. queer + poly. they/them or he/him only.
do a good deed: kill a terf
do not underestimate my ability to ship femslash. i dont give a fuck if a show is a total sausagefest. im going to ship the two women i happen to see in the background. i dont give a fuck
do still occasionally try to provoke attention within the ohio area by either wearing a clearly loli full graphic shirt in public or dragging along a loli hentai/ecchi doujin/manga.......but not once has anybody giving a rats ass.
do u ever just cry bc cows should be treated like angels but they live horrible lives and violent deaths and suffer greatly bc people are literal demons and dont give a shit abt anyone but themselves
do u have a banana? awesome mash that shit in your hair, let it sit for 15 minutes then wash it out with cool water. now u got some silky tresses girl
do you ever feel like published authors should go read some fanfiction
do you ever get confused about where your mental illness ends and where you being a piece of shit begins ?? like am i just being difficult or can i really not do that
do you really think poland with a 27% jewish population would be better off than poland as it exists
do you think amethyst is asexual? garnet and pearl are both gay af but then there's lil amethyst! she hasn't shown any romantic interest in any characters, do you think this is a possibility? thanks for the reply if you get to this, i love you guys!
doeant it seem suspicious that elections always wind up being competitions and theres never like just a landslide thing where most everybody wants this one person? it doesnt feel like it would always come up a close scrape. what am i to assume each person is naturally liked and disliked by approximate halves of all other people? this seems like a fishy stupid scam
does anyone remember when afloweroutofstone, who had not been hurt by myc in any way, kept accusing a trans girl of being just like her because they disagreed politically? does anyone remember that or did we all decide to forget how gross he is?
don't fucking wink at me in an argument i'm not doing this for fun
don't you fuckin compare this garbage to jamiroquai?
dont gays have a power bottom thing? not everything is an attack against women. its supposed to be the moon and the sun. a super old ancient metaphor for men and women since forever. is it an equal metaphor? no i suppose not, since without the sun the moon doesnt shine. its old fashioned which doesnt agree with modern notions of equality necessarily but its a sweet old fashioned thought.
dont say a 2d girl cant hurt you. they can. take it from me. i swear to god this next part isnt a fakepost: i got so upset by this stopped playing with friends and developed irregular sleep patterns, i started failing classes in school, i refused to talk to anyone about why i was acting this way but it just got worse.
dont you dare talk shit about shark tale who the fuck even are you
dont forget this isnt just about gays it is a special day for demisexuals too
doobies & boobies (i am gay)
double whammy ethnic cleansing freeing poland of huge minorities of jews and germans is probably the one good thing that happened to it out of ww2
draco. 20. taken by my perf daddy/dom aka my forever boyfriend andrew since 12 | 27 | 2013. little space age range 3-5 this blog contains cute things that make me smile/happy. i also post self care be good to yourself
drawing sardonyx without mixed features and not acknowledging their black identity is an act of racism and erasure fyi
drink your gmo apples and fluoride water obama bin laden be proud?
drinking vinegar
drives me insane when i see people tag animal products as healthy or clean eating. like nah.
due to adhd i have memory problems but if you need anything tagged its totally fine to ask
dungeon of the endless is p fun but theres sure a whole lotta casual ableism in  it :\
dwarf fortress is actually quite fun and i love my new procedurally generated friends.
e are armeline and joli, queer ladies in love who are†clinging desperately to our little raft in the portland housing crisis sea. our passions include slam poetry, weird†music, indie video games, joli's darling 7-year-old daughter, and cute post-modern witchcraft. meanwhile this city is remarkably reluctant to employ a couple of nonbinary†trans girls,
eating a whole pot of mac and cheese is kinda like cuddling a girl
ehy wont u love me ? ;.. lllikje im so etheral ,beypnd perfection. an anfgel on ewartj
emember sissies you have the power to be the out, and fabulous sissy inside of you. it just takes setting your mind to it, planning, and allowing that to inspire action.
enjoying sex and wanting sex are different things tho like i'm a straight guy and i would still physically enjoy getting my dick sucked by another guy even if i wouldn't be actually attracted to him know what i mean?
erase the concept of biological sex from your mind. it is a false social construct. also teach yourself not to coercively label someones body or genitals. there is no default/standard female or male body or genitalia.
erika | sie/hir | 19 year old failure | white lesbian trans mostly-woman | middle class | fat, mentally ill, allistic &...
err on the side of assuming the possibility of girl reasons for behaviors you see, and encourage people to be comfortable with those girl reasons, and you will be amazed how much better you get along with girls, people who are seen as girls, and people who might be girls some fine day
ever since middle school i've always wanted to have breasts like females.
every time i look into a mirror i feel hatred that im trapped in this mortal vessel but then again at least im hot
everyone always looks at china as having the worst reputation for pollution but they also invest the most money into green technology and have the largest afforestation program in the world
except equating vulvas and breasts to womenhood is literally what gets trans women and dmab transfeminine people murdered everyday
except for the fact that the price has increased in the last 6 years this is an excellent source of fiber i use it along with oat fiber flour and rice bran flour to make a breakfast scone which keeps everything moving along i assume it does all that is expected for fiber in my diet since i am a healthy 70 year old
except not all punk and hardcore is political?? like, way to shit on a community by painting them all with one brush; some people just enjoy the music?? also way to erase disadvantaged and lower class people
fascism is fascism is fascism. if you are not destroyed by the democratic process, i'm sure the universe has a real treat in store for you when you cross over from the mortal plane.
fat & intersex & ignoring gender (it pronouns)
fat disabled and cute hello
fat humiliation please
fat wlw wedding moodboard
feminist kinkster seeking same
feminists don't actually believe it's important to speak out about abuse, that's why they defend people who never do
fighting against all who oppose video games real niggaz keep it real your normal hormone filled mountain dew drinkin savage real ass dominican
find your fantatsy here! my breasts will swell and grow in minutes to have you cum mmmmmmmmmm mmm it is for all to enjoy! rftmingesshoutout to the kids getting tony hawks pro skater 5 for christmas ahoy campers! it is time for the rhino round up! the wi
first off this is a really #manipulative and gross question. secondly we live in a capitalist economy so even if we were paying for it with #money we made from having jobs (which neither of us can do during the #school year due to our disabilities) it would be depriving someone else of the same opportunity bc thats how evil institutions like #capitalism work
fishmech likes this
fishmech likes this video to youtube got banned
fluttershy has aspergers and anxiety disorder
for christmas one year sulu gets chekov an ugly christmas sweater that says 'they/them/their' on the front. it's their favorite gift that year and they wear it every chance they get for the next month.
for people who are depressed or who are in a shit place, cigarettes are pretty much the most socially acceptable form of self destruction, like yeah people know that cigarettes fucking kill you no shit
forming a successful peaceful revolution before the system literally falls on itself is the only option.
friendly reminder that since its getting hot out, people of all sizes and genders can wear whatever they want to keep themselves cool and comfortable, and you are, under no circumstances, allowed to shame them or sexualize them for it.
friendly reminder to support your favorite cam models, especially if they do feedism work and you are a feedist.
friendly reminder: i wanna bang the new doctor who
fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck tsroadmap it almost made me kill myself even just like, 3 years ago (tbh the proliferation of good resources is really happening now and thanks to tumblr users in a lot of cases)
fuck it im reclaiming the word 'brony' for all the naive, stupid or just plain stubborn peeps who arent the redditor creeps. im taking it back.
fuck turkey. boot them the fuck out of nato they are horrible allies especially in this war. they're working with the bad guys and against the kurds - the most ass kicking force in all of this.
fucked up that stalin ate all the kulaks, thus depriving ukraine of vital nutrition during the holodomor
fucking disgusting terf!!!!! suck my girl dick and choke you transphobe piece of shit!!!!
fucksake! its a mans sport... women have ruined tthe earth and now they are ruining fifa!
fun fact: i started being trans for political reasons
fun fact: yr tolerance of transmisogyny is the reason transmisogyny continues to happen!! if you arent doing anything abt it, you are directly complicit!!!! yikes!
gabriel. he/they. agender. xenomarxist.
gamergate is so astoundingly pathetic at this point
gate-keeping is a term that was literally created to describe the act of trans women being denied hormones but sure lets just use it for fucking everything now like straight ppl being told they cant call themselves queer
gay werewolf prom night rough draft and final for a school assignment
gays get rights, aces get 'discourse'
geek-americans
gender and sex are societal constructs based on the heteronormative need to classify and rank everyone as potential sexual objects..
gender fluent people are my favorite kind of people cause they're all cute omg.
gender is my enemy, women are my friends, every cryptid is my girlfriend, and the moon is my wife
genderfuck, they
genderlesspock
genitals are just like, whatever, girl&&newline<kevin> nothing means anything so why let it mean something you know?
genocidal transmisogyny forgives a great many sins.
genuinely i don't know what's mock-worthy about this. two of my gfs live with me. one of them lives in town. what's the joke
gettin real tired of people excluding/bullying aro/ace people from the lgbt community [for lack of a better word. oh wait, there is! mogai or gsrm???]
girlpenis solidarity blog, but mostly it's cute animal pictures and other stuff i like. if you need something tw tagged and i don't just let me know and i'll start taggin' em. pronouns are she/her or they/them please and thanks
glt youre joking but the wire was an amazing insight into racial issues
go cry about how being called a bitch oppresses you and how asshole is a slur lol. you're just another feminist who gets offended over everything and can't do anything but whine about being oppressed as a ~female~ lol bye
go fuck yourself  you fucking nerd, u will never make sex in ur life .. while in brazil i have sex 30 times each day at carnaval
god do people actually think that christian grey from 50 shades of grey is aromantic representation or how aromantics are??
god, why does this modern capitalist society do this. women are the root to the problems young men are facing today. why cant women just be easily approachable then this type of behaviour would stop. this is all socially constructed.?
godly celibacy
gonna have to bite the bullet and get/make a this is what a lesbian looks like shirt for days when i cant/wont shave
good grief you realise the socialisation shit isnt going to go away by holding on to your vagina symbol and yelling and screaming right? its going to go away by deconstructing the sex binary. which only exists to oppress. literally. theres no other purpose. why cant you let go of it?
good time-of-day to all! o/ is this the right place to ask help from some helpful op/mode/demigod of synirc in a matter relating to a opless channel? much appreciated! (:
got even with my asshole neighbor for talking shit about me and threatening another neighbor's dog (they threatened to rip its throat out because it was barking at the smoke alarm), i blocked their car in with the roll out dumpsters since tomorrow is trash day
green tea is awesome bc it tastes great, speeds up ur metabolism, and if u put ur face over u brewing cuppa it opens up your pores anddddd if u put the tea bag over ur eyes it gets rid of those dark circles from staying up watching friends
guess what! it is literally cissexist to associate a certain anatomy with women
guys how do i make myself like beans, i just havent been able to do it, like, ever
guys odd and i are going out now&&newline<kevin> we're a couple
h. okay. so anyway, so anyway the fake vagina or the cylindrical, or the cylindrical tube with the suction thing in it, yeah, either of them have a usb cord attached to it and i'll plug it into the psp and then the man would have the suction tube or vagina on his, on the, on the, on his penis, or for the women, it would be like, if, if, because if it was truly like cybersex
haha wtf? sexual people are so weird! i also had a guy friend like that! he didn't even want to talk to me after i told him i'd never have sex with him because i preferred girls (and he wasn't a homophobe). lol
haitian magical girl on a mission to give looks and vaporize the capitalist cishetero white supremacist patriarchy
hanging out with maxine is nice because we are the echolalia gfs so every time i make a noise she makes the noise back and then we just go on like that for a while
happy new year to everyone i'm going to hit my pipe in my diaper is soaked
haracters who actually like being fat/gaining weight intentionally complaining about being fat and being all overly dramatic and descriptive to turn someone else on: hholy shit there it is all right damn right hell yea thats what im fuckin talkin about fuck yea oohhh shit damn son
has anyone else commented on how obvious it is that obama's voice is an affectation. he sounds like a black comic doing an impression of a white guy. even the mulattos that scored well in science class i went to school with didn't sound like that.
has anyone ever stuck their dick inside a water wiggly and what did it feel like
hauling 10 crates of soylent into my apartment is the best workout i've had in a long time
have u ever thought about how good it is when the dragon has the tity
have you ever listened to lyndon larouche? he breaks down why the uk is super evil...
have you ever noticed how transmedicalists frequently ally with both anti-feminists and radical feminist twefs. i wonder why that is. i literally cant think of a single reason.
having a submissive/dominant kink does not make you a pedophile. you just don't like it, so you feel the need to be cruel to people because of your opinion.
having a vagina can be cool and fun, particularly for sex, but like, maintenance, you need to maintain a vagina. all kinds of stuff happening in there.
having trouble balancing my basic life needs: food, shelter, and feeling horney in my penis
he doesn't host any content that is illegal in the united states and lolifucking is hot as hell so fuck off, bitch.
hearing how dreary it is derived from the shire
hearing how dreary it is to be trans hurt me and hurts people like me and so im done with that shit.
hell looks like a good place because at least a man is in charge, has a bit of order and let's men spit and scratch as needed.
hello i am over 600lbs and know all to well what your talking about. i only crap at home and have to take a shower to rinse off. i use a auto car wheel brush with liquid body soap and a hand shower sprayer with turbo spray and this combo works great for me. takes time but i can't just let it ride. ewwwwwwww
hello im cora/phoone and im really gay and trans she/her
hello! i'm mari, and this is my age-regression blog. this blog is sfw (aside from tagged k1nk mentions), but all are welcome here!
hello, pearl is a trans lesbian have a nice day
henry kissinger was a noble hero
here's my impression of tia and the tumblrtxt twitter account: haha queer teens amiright? *ignores the large amount of white nationalists on tumblr*
here's the deal bro i want to cum inside a sexy cartoon horse not a real one
heres a cool idea: positivity week for briala & fiona & calpernia & other cool lady revolutionaries in da that deserved so much better & given the short end of the stick in terms of screentime & either get unnecessary flack from the fandom or are completely ignored
heres a tip: there are faaaar more predators in the cis radfem community than there are in the 'baeddels, or among any other group of trans women. some of the cis women you ally yourself with have acted predatory towards me.
hes also notorious for purposefully misgendering and making fun of trans people, as well as making jokes about beating and cheating on women and basically any other fucking terrible thing you can think of
heteroromantic lesbian
hey everyone, im lindso, and im stupid
hey guys i wrote this what do you think http://i.imgur.com/dbawinr.jpg
hey guys! reblog if youre a gaining/feeder/feedee/stuffing/encourager/fat admirer blog or anything else of that nature! id like to follow you guys :)
hey im a mythical beast that protected a princess living in a castle in the sky ?? i have like one memory but its p big so if yr a princess and this seems familiar lms and ill message u so we can discuss
hey im rose, call me rosie if you like. or, as a joke, you can call me knives (or ). im a 19 y/o tranny dyke ancom madhyamika guanyin devotee. she/her. twefs dont follow.
hey just btw why are you following people who follow terfs and reblogging posts obviously made by terfs just wondering
hey odd&&newline<kevin> do ur parents know u were in the navy lololol&&newline<kevin> ok wait thats not a good burn&&newline<kevin> or even a burn period&&newline<kevin> damn how do i suck so much
hey please donate to my friend alex they have until may to be able to pay their bills or else everything will be cut off including internet and phone which they use for school and other important things. they also have two cats to take care of and they need some money for that!
hey quick question, is 'anime marxist' still a transphobic slur
hey there, i'm luna or cheers! im a trans girl and a college student (she/her pls) and im fucked up
hey tumblr dot txt author 'goldenliontamarind'
hey vivian you're welcome to stop being salty  that your friends stopped talking to you whenever. i know you're having a  really fun time stalking the blogs of of trans women 10 years younger  than you and reposting their shit on twitter, but i figure you could get  over losing your friends by maybe, not being, an awful person anymore?  just a thought
hey where did evin go you faggots hey where did evin go you faggots hey where did evin go you faggots hey where did evin go you faggots hey where did evin go you faggots hey where did evin go you faggots hey where did evin go you faggots hey where did evin go you faggots hey where did evin go you faggots hey where did evin go you faggots hey where did evin go you faggots hey where did evin go you faggots hey where did evin go you
hey why dont you back the fuck off before i call my daddy in here. my daddy doesnt take too kindly to people who look down on our relationship if you know what i mean. what i mean is that he is very strong and scary and he could beat up ten of your dads so just shut the fuck up
hey, angels who looked nonhuman, any of you wanna talk? there seems to be a shortage of us. tell me about who you were and what you looked like, maybe?
hey, if it means the john can't simply rob the girl at the end of the night (because the bitcoin payment is in a safe place) it could make a small difference
hey, is it tru that this drink boosts the bust size? and also r there any bad side effects ? reply sooon ! thanxx
hey, its awful that you are one of the gays but i have a solution for you. just dont have sex, or a relationship, ever, or you will go to hell. kinda sucks but you do what you gotta do
hi call me tuesday 15/bigender/lesbian/she or they i love alien, tf2, space, and girls i am currently learning spanish you are just mad because you are angry
hi guys i misspelled my name in my twitter account but id still really like you to check out my tweet and tell me what you think https://40.media.tumblr.com/601039b586fc7f231448055bfcaede4b/tumblr_nql1s7e5pq1r0jlbgo1_1280.png
hi guys im jerking off at the library
hi guys. i made a little compilation image that features me irl and a little dissertation on how much i love my waifu (japanese for wife) mio from nichijou. http://i.imgur.com/qahrlk9.jpg
hi if youre safe to do so you should probably be reblogging this&&newline<kevin> the idea that trans women are socialized as anything but women is one of the most potent arguments for stripping us of our humanity
hi im qb but my real name is karen kara amber qubeley.  use whichever one you think suits me best.
hi my name is shmorky. my website is butthug.com
hi your post on how bad the porn industry is is good but its really cissexist because not all men have dicks/women have vaginas! please go back and edit it to specify cis people bodies
hi! im v/jack, im 20 and i live in the usa. cute trans boy and yordle enthusiast. i like league of legends, undertale, hots, smite, borderlands all kinds of terrible games!
hiii im a nondysphoric psychotic enby boything who wears bras and femme clothing and has long hair and you can do nothing to stop me
hillary is committed to destroying brown people with sustainable, local methods like funding and arming opposition groups who will almost certainly not grow up to use those weapons against us in the future
hint: being anti-porn is inherently anti-sex worker
hitler is coming back you guys&&newline<kevin> like, you know how the mcrib is back&&newline<kevin> well hitlers back&&newline<kevin> and nothing will stop him this time&&newline<kevin> hes releasing his new book, mein kampf 2
hmm spanking is not abuse. spanking is discipline. there is a difference between beating your children and hitting them just enough for them to know right from wrong.
hold on, i thought 'transsexual' was the term for someone with persistent sexual dysphoria that could only be satisfactorally resolves thru transition. if an autogynephile experiences discomfort with their male body to a degree that they feel the need to transition, wouldn't they still be a transsexual?
holy fuck wall-e and eve dont even have genders they dont even have genders theyre robots holy fuck pixar made a movie about a canonically queer romance except weve all been taught by heteronormativity to automatically gender code them as male and female but theyre both genderless
honestly capitalism is horrendous and vile but i dont exactly weep when a terf stops being able to profit off of trans women, i dont exactly weep when she loses a major source of income
honestly cis lesbians are a weird group for me. just become some kind of trans already so i can tell everyone decent and cool apart from the terfs
honestly i dont understand why everyone is like omg capitalism is so bad blah blah blah communism is the way to go blah blah blah rooty tooty like did you not read animal farm theres always one asshole or a group of assholes who ruin the whole thing for everyone else when the power gets to their head(s)
honestly i think the worst part abt the otherkin/therian communities (yes, worse than the trolls) is all of the elitist, gatekeeping assholes who think theyre automatically better than everyone just because theyre older and have been in the community longer, and make snide comments about tumblrkin and criticize anyone who dares to be under 25 and otherkin
honestly i was kind of hoping some ridiculously ignorant twef (i.e. any twef) would tell me i did have community so i could point out that their beliefs have literally no grounding in reality but i didnt expect it to be someone with terf in their blog url who claims to not be a terf, and has no actualy idea what terf stands for but is so sure that it doesnt stand for the very thing it actually stands for
honestly im just excited that yr taxes are being used to fund my brand-new gucci vagina and theres ummmm nothing you can do about it&&newline<kevin> yr a dying breed kiddo!!! :3c
honestly im gonna start being pretty fuckin mean abt this!! ive been holdin back b/c if i didnt i wouldnt have any friends because all of yall seem to just. really love sucking cis dude jokerman dick
honestly the best part is that they mocked one of my poems about ibs in the tags of one of their posts as if that isnt just transmisogynist ableism
honestly the whole ~sexual orientation and ~romantic orientation is so bullshit anyways. classifying homo shit as sexual orientation was a hetero invention in the first place
honestly tho fuck everyone who has more money than my family imo
honestly, anaconda deserved to win the grammy award. actually, it also deserved to be nominated and win in the song of the year category. pussy put his ass to sleep, now he calling me nyquil is poetry in a whole other level that even willwhom shakesleep cant reach
honestly, as an lgbt activist and passionate feminist, i love family guy. yes, its racist, sexist, and everything offensive. but thats the point. its supposed to offend you, its all a big joke. honestly, its a cartoon. you cant take it seriously.
horror games are always set in aslyums and thats ableist and im tired of that so im going to make a horror game where ur a neurodivergent person and you have to navigate through a hallway full of neurotypical psych students and autism moms
hotd: the floors and walls are breathing (you can see them moving in and out. innnnn and out)
how are you gonna talk about people making their social media stuff echo chambers while parroting shitty terf rhetoric
how cool would it be if a police officer stopped me and asked me for my name and i said my name is vegeta, im seriously 100% thinking of doing it, why not? its time for the future, names should be treated like gamertags, people should start being called what they want to be called. enough of this 1900's 'john' 'nick', this is the future.
how do monoromantic people look at amazing, captivating, beautiful, interesting people and go nah, wrong gender it makes no sense to me
how many mass shootings have there been because some entitled white boy didn't get to bust a nut. seriously several. but abstinence is the answer
how many times in his life do you think nic cage has been fucked in the ass? you think it might be zero? nic cage, anal virgin - can you even imagine? what a horrible world
how people could find the concept of another persons tongue in your mouth as something to be desired.
how to jack off without crying
http://24.media.tumblr.com/daeac61a50e8f726bddf1e8805b393e7/tumblr_mi0ud51uct1qju6n5o1_500.jpg
http://33.media.tumblr.com/4aea5c53bf5b101017925cd3132e3de7/tumblr_nc42scw4c31ttxpnco1_1280.png
http://41.media.tumblr.com/1928536e0be243b48ef0bf9233c2b9ab/tumblr_mu8izwvqvb1r0zxmmo1_400.png
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/09/21/1411291097234_wps_5_https_www_facebook_com_pa.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/8exlmdy.png
http://i.imgur.com/iqmb7np.png
http://i.imgur.com/qn8n8ef.png
http://i.imgur.com/znfvxok.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/ztyxgyc.png
http://i.imgur.com/k9csses.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/u4yyj2t.png
http://i.imgur.com/woblpgs.png
http://i.imgur.com/zkv0al0.jpg
http://kingofundies.deviantart.com/art/arthur-s-underwear-491725559 this is a drawing i did of arthur in his underwear i copied it from a screenshot i had i did this in mid july 2014
http://madocuki.tumblr.com/post/90714174439/my-parents-know-i-cut-my-nails-sharp-and-that-i
http://memegenerator.net/instance/38022435 -- everytime i fart, a feminist dies. - mark driscoll | meme generator: '#5609 mark driscoll. everytime i fart, a feminist dies. - mark driscoll.
http://wetdreamforum.com/
http://wetdreamforum.com/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=6061
http://www.remnantofgod.org/transubstantiation.htm
https://31.media.tumblr.com/87f229520b2ce1af9ce65a9055af4b71/tumblr_n7gdeygssq1qe7tl7o1_1280.png
https://33.media.tumblr.com/2f2a1ad10a2de811c7f214cf0a800930/tumblr_nkvqsb6zr21sv5h0zo1_400.gif
https://36.media.tumblr.com/1f4f9573ef138091b5f3e9895c33c742/tumblr_ni9ysj7sdr1rxf7n9o1_1280.jpg
https://40.media.tumblr.com/198c4ba71b13fa8f6138359d47122071/tumblr_nmg8s6fk6k1qcdaq5o1_1280.jpg
https://40.media.tumblr.com/3c42419dc5ae90be5badd3df55bdc9c8/tumblr_noim783nve1r08u4io1_1280.png
https://40.media.tumblr.com/864547ae11cc0b9e15dc68f613823440/tumblr_nl4tegylz71t959ymo1_540.jpg ha ha ha
https://40.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lp6hz6yynv1qa0gwpo1_1280.jpg
https://41.media.tumblr.com/82a81c609fc5c84c6e64305081f6a75e/tumblr_na9mkwlqw31rbjr98o1_1280.png
https://41.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9yzt7dfz11rn863co1_500.jpg
https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xap1/v/t1.0-9/s526x395/15369_1548169612116554_3960305530768592284_n.jpg?oh=a79c4eadf862584aa8c2b854c47affca&oe=5548bc4f&__gda__=1433762442_c084e9d9351102de0544d9b2de911243
https://i.imgur.com/fzclwis.png
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cfu3jkuuyaarxo_.jpg:large
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjan6vzhftg
hurr durr electricity is bad and thomas edison was a witch
hussie is a racist ass fuckboy dont talk to me about homestuck anyway even though amethyst is purple (which is a bullshit argument  since garnet is a reddish pink tone yet 99% of su fans understand she is  supposed to be black) she is still written as a black/mixed character.  look at her design. what kind of white person has lips like this unless they got them  done???? and look at
i . . . want you guys to geld me!! :o
i ahve been lifting for a year and im still 5'7
i also do not believe that, for the most part, sex workers have any moral culpability for our participation in the sex industry (an apparatus which replicates patriarchal ideology).
i also id as gendercute, aesthetgender, stargender, magigirl, memegender, and i think also autigender.
i also reject, incidentally, the idea that what you identify as or present as has to be consistent to have meaning. experimenting with doing trans in different ways doesnt delegitimate any of them.
i am not horney wow!!!
i am a 43 year old, fiery wysiwyg, black conscious, barbadian-born, north amerikkkan raised, capricornian, dark skinned, matriarchal, polyamorous, class conscious, fat, tall, rogue scholar happily living in exile, ancestor/universe/ goddess worshiping, deviant, queer femme, writer, cultural worker and critic, far-seer, former poet based in toronto. i'm mama to two children and polyamorously partnered with two men.
i am a avid gamer and love music, there is nothing i cannot overcome with a stack of nos and my laptop
i am a false prophet, god is a superstition.
i am a pre-hrt trans woman. i am a diamond in the roguh trans woman. i am still coal waiting to be diamond trans woman. i am having a beard out of anxiety trans woman. i am too depressed for self care trans woman. i am wore a pink t-shirt and my parents made fun of me and i stayed in my room for two days and didnt leave trans woman.
i am a sex wanna do a kik or skype?
i am going to the mall tomorrow because this website won't give me my free bra that is my birthright, please cast protection charms for me
i am hungry but why even eat if all i will be is someone with a small cock that just had a meal?
i am indigenous mexican selectively mute paranoid autistic pls be patient with me ilu guys yes i am odraws.tumblr.com
i am jeb brush
i am on the spectrum!
i am so frustrated with the pro-canadian literature people&&newline<kevin> all these cultural icons in canada going on and on year after year about how great and important canadian literature is&&newline<kevin> yet for a project, i have to find out why it is&&newline<kevin> and i can't find anything on why canadian literature is important/relevant
i asked you about one of america's most legendary heroes, andrew jackson, being replaced on the 20 by a small time bandit, and you said 'well that should definitely change and if youre against it youre racist.' you can browbeat normies with racism very well im sure but im not going to take it. im for america, period, regardless of how racist that makes me (which is to say, in 2016: extremely)
i avoid white ppl ingredients like cheese and butter. anything else is fair game
i believe in being a gay mom and you should be a gay mom when you can help it
i bet with a good exercise routine you could get mad cut on a soylent diet
i came to communism and transness at basically exactly the same time and so they both feel kind of intertwined in my own mind a lot
i can be whatever your dad wants me to be
i can pee super fast but they get weird if you put it on your resume
i can personally confirm that i am all of the following: weird, disgusting, gross, obsessive, and lesbian and..
i can see we have a few trolls here which is good hahaha. i'm well versed in trolling myself but i have to work out whats what and where all the boundaries are first so i don't get banned, lol.
i can't stop shitting into my own ass. it keeps dripping down my crotch onto all my homework. help help
i cant get an abortion, im not a woman
i cant tell if i intentionally post negative shit when my irl friends are online or if i intentionally abstain from posting negative shit when my irl friends are online or if my negative shit posting schedule is unaffected by my irl friends being online or not
i cant wait for su to give us info on the 4 diamond courts and everyone to flip their shit over hogwarts houses 2.0
i cant even fucking read the word discourse anymore without thinking wikipedia is pulling some meme shit on me
i certainly only started feeling weird about my genitals after i started doing trans stuff for a while, and seeing myself as other than a dude.
i cosplayed my kintype recently, and i've been really attached to one of the props i made because when i held it, i felt like i was back and i was me again and it felt so good! and i want to use it more but it's not really something that's commonly accepted in daily life so i just use it at home but i still love it so much
i didnt sepnd 3 years $700, and countless blisters to be able to play iron maiden and otep so some retard could laugh at my fingers
i distrust all cis feminist posters whose politics are so milquetoast that a bunch of terfs can follow them and see nothing wrong with their content
i do believe that in a socialist society where there is a guaranteed living wage, full employment, and a robust social safety net that sex work would be rare and in those circumstances the distribution of and consumption of pornography or other forms of sex work should be regarded as a political crime. mass mobilization against patriarchal ideology would include suppressing these activities.
i do not, however, believe that for a bourgeois liberal democratic state to criminalize sex work is productive because its existence is inevitable in a patriarchal class society and bourgeois state violence mostly, regardless of its intent, has the practical effect of devaluing the labor of sex workers (i.e., reducing income), therefore increasing the amount of access consumers have to our sexual labor, and exposing us to heightened risk additi
i don't know why you guys are always making jokes about diapers. i stopped wearing them when i was 7 and got over them like everyone else.
i dont appreciate that post about rumi. you have to acknowledge that jalaladdin muhammad balkhi is from balkh a province in afghanistan. and that balkh is a tajik province.
i dont believe in magic or an interactive creator. i dont believe someone died and came back from the dead unaided  and i dont believe people can fly into the sky w/o mechanical assistance and i dont believe people are reincarnated from and into other forms of life and i think death is final and absolute probably but i dont know.
i dont call myself a feminist because i dont want to lock myself into an ideological box (like having to support abortion, for instance)
i dont even know who chester cheetah is
i dont hate the irish!!!&&newline<kevin> my favorite us president? john f kennedy, irishman&&newline<kevin> my favorite country i want to visit: the uk - includes ireland
i dont know why youd be racist before you'd be a misogynist these days. i experienced half the girls i knew growing up fucking old gross dudes with established careers or becoming street whores. i can't understand how society is even functioning over this fucked up antifamily shit
i dont normally empathize much with link but&&newline<kevin> trans girl link&&newline<kevin> hoooooooo boy
i dont think most people are heterosexual tbh
i eat completely vegan and mostly brown rice but i still dont have enough $ regularly for food
i enjoy being around babes because they make me feel turned on and sexy. i think this is totally natural so why say its not true.
i feel all pudgy n cute rn so im just playin with my tummy idk it feels nice n its so soft n idk!!!!!
i feel like being trans is something we are so violently pushed away from that i really dont see a cis person just idly musing abt hmm maybe im trans like just recognizing it as something thats on the range of maybe possible is tough 2 do against all the things shouting no at u
i feel like i could quite possibly be a nanogirl rather than demigirl bc i feel mostly agender but still female and nanogirl is a small portion female + (an)other gender(s) but it was reclaimed from posts by truscum so im???? not sure how i feel about that hm
i feel like im hooked up to a ventilator. im not able to breathe without assistance. my body is running off machinery. my brain can't function. im a walking zombie. im just going through the motions until i make a hb10 jailbait looking escort sit on my face. i want to suck her tits for 10 full minutes. i want to suck some milk out of her tits. my body needs the calcium to function.
i find men gross but i like dick its ok go find a cute trans girl
i finished city of bones by cassandra clare. its book 1 of the mortal instruments
i fucking ate dog shit what the shit
i get it, a lot of critical porn shit is created and circulated by swerfs/terfs.
i go swim in the river every day because im agender and hate the police
i got a little of the puss out and it doesnt taste like normal puss
i got made fun of in high school because i deserved it
i guess im technically a -radical feminist- but how do i be one and stay 10000 feet away from the fucking terfs
i had never experienced a day of body dysphoria in my life before i decided to be trans. i am a beautiful and powerful lady who loves and is loved by a lotta trans ladies, both ladies who chose to be trans and ladies who didnt. i am the future
i had no sisters or afab friends, so when i first got into porn at like 12 i really just liked looking at pussies. not the typical like, spread-wide porn poses, but just like,the upper part, that's like, flat in front. the concept of being flat in front really fucking did it for me.
i had the best sex dream last night.&&newline<evin> i was a girl, and i was playing with my tits and clit&&newline<evin> it owned&&newline<evin> sorry to hear about your dad
i hate children and reading their opinions a lot of the time because im rude and hateful
i hate my drug dealer and everyone who has a good drug dealer is privileged
i hate non-trans women that are into rocky horror picture show
i hate when your friends say something problematic and youre like??? i didnt raise you to be like that??
i have a qpp eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep&&newline<3
i have feeling that muslim girls r frigid after marriage. since premarital sex is haram what if i marry a muslim girl and she's really useless in bed?
i have literally seen people who thought that hrt would be hopeless for them because they were 20. thats bullshit and its gatekeeping shit and i hate it so goddamn much im crying
i have so many thin friends who eat shit and dont exercise ever and are probably rotting inside but no one says shit about their health so lets stop pretending its fat peoples health youre bothered about you transparent motherfuckers
i have to do it from the back door
i have tried to put a beach ball down in my pair of goodnites and inflated it up to see what it would feel like and be like. to tell you, it is something. i have heard about people putting things in there diaper, like cookies, more diapers, and socks, and a whole lot of things.
i hope a trans man rapes you with a dildo strap on :) :) :) maybe you'll stop being a lesbian.
i hurt myself on accident because of it i cant go to the bathroom and it hurts so much and i cant do anything about it
i identify as demigirl and demiboy so use bun/bun pronouns for me please go to my pronouns page if you want to know how to use my pronouns and to see a list of names that you can call me by
i just got a huge wave of merciful compassion i need to meditate more lol i wanna cultivate this feeling
i just left a message to my boss telling i quit, why should i have the luxury of money (even if it was only 10$ an hour) if i don't have a huge cock.
i just like jerking it to little cartoon girls. real little girls don't do anything for me.
i just like talking about my life with irc because really what else am i going to do
i just realized all of my closest friends moms dont want them talking to me why
i just wanna be lazy and be fed and play video games and cuddle ugh where are all the amazing sweet kind female feeders at you are so magical
i just want to be interviewed on national television so i can accidentally on purpose turn the conversation to feminism and stuff
i just washed a plate and held it in such a way that now my shorts are covered in water and it looks like i just totally like realhard pissed myself
i keep thinking about how pokemon go is probably driving baby boomers up the fucking wall. packs of millennials roaming all staring at their cellphones.
i kind of wanna know what titties feel like
i kinda just had a meltdown and stormed outta my house without like long pants or money and idk where 2 go
i know i'm right even my sub girlfriend thinks your a dumbass.
i like su cause all the characters have some form of aspergers lol
i like anime... gay anime... gay anime pornography...
i like carly fiorina i think she's really smart
i like computers but also yell about them a lot. sometimes i hack and/or write things. e/she/he/they/???
i like reading femslash better than i like reading gay porn but when i do read about lesbians it makes me break down and cry about my identity. all guys do that right?
i like the idea of fingers in my mouth but i like the idea of someone getting off on having their fingers in my mouth even more if that makes sense?? i like the idea of someone doing bad things to me and getting off on it
i like the new good charlotte song!...you can yell at me all you want i cant help it! i dont know why..wait yes i do..because i like it so fuck you! i also like hillary duff and ashlee simpson! and i like nsync and the backstreet boys and lfo and and and ah!
i like to give straight boys bad romantic advice because as a lesbian it's against my religion for boys to be liked by girls
i love 2 be immediately assumed to be cis by fellow trans women. def havin a great time of it. def feeling fantastic.
i love getting lots of knots on my furryposts
i love how babbies grunt when they poop its super cute idk y
i love how in the ppg they made a character that literally personified the male gaze and then made her independent and strong minded but also feminine and just basically miss bellum is such an important character shes the original bad bitch
i love how you completely ignore celibate gay christians
i love humans. i love them and i will protect them, always
i love jockstraps
i love losing followers for not sucking cafab ass tbh
i love to be frivolous and immature and gay. i love to be told to grow up and get over it. i love to have illegitimate concerns and to be illegitimate myself. i love to be told to stop caring about fake things, and told i do not care enough about real things. i love to be fake and gay
i made a revoluntionary contribution to the theory of postfreudian, matriarchal psychodynamics and immediately bolted up from where i was laying (i was laying on the ground listening to tame impala and chewing something i forget)
i made a wish list lol. im sad and bored so buy me or my rats stuff :))).
i made an amazon wishlist and its essentially please buy me useless crap i dont need because my social anxiety and depression keep me from having any measure of independence or functionality
i make fun of the gal pals thing a lot but i do actually have a lot of gal pals who i just happen to also kiss a bunch and stuff so i guess i was owning myself the whole time
i mean i'm as good a leftie as anyone here on sa but peronismo seems like such a clusterfuck disaster even i'm happy this guy won
i mean it was still shitty of you to post the logs, but i figured out if you were legit or not pretty quick that way. i first posted here(well, after i posted in the chloe thread) because i was bored and i didn't really care what people had to say back until you turned out to be major creepers who kept it going for over 100 pages and psychoanalyising me every time i post anything anywhere.
i mean its also possible to be a dude who looks the way ladies are supposed to look but being a dude is kind of ridiculous when you think about it
i mean im grossed out by that anons shitty language but mainly im sad that after i helped them to stop being a dude they would turn right around and tell me i can only ever be a woman. heres hoping they get good
i miss the smell of wet meat in the morning
i mostly jerk off to adult women, or cartoons of adult women, or textual depictions of adult women, but i will admit to having jerked off to lolis few times. what of it? you trying to own me? it's not working.
i need a reaction image for why the fuck is literally every person i know a bottom or a sub of some kind
i need ace/demi representation because when a gay kid asked me what i identified as and i responded with demi he laughed and told me that doesnt exist
i need money to pay rent and take care of my girlfriends who live with me rn, i am kind of desperate at the moment and trying to get a job as a trans woman without a degree is hell. if you could donate, i would seriously appreciate it!
i once told a nyc firefighter in another channel that i thought him and his colleagues were heroes for doing what they could in 9/11. then he, irl, and a bunch of his friends who were at his place for a party took turns on the irc subtly trying to proposition me for sex
i once was friends with a jewish girl in undergrad before i became a christian
i only love my disembodied spirit
i ontl say gross things when im in a psychotic episode. and while you misgendering me makes me want to rip your worthless throat out, youre not worth enough to send me into a psychotic episode, so look elsewhere.
i play league of legends, my summoner name is misandry, i main bot lane and jungle
i prob could have dated in the past, but i wanted to be with someone who shared my faith&&newline<fermata> yeah, and i have one arm&&newline<fermata> two arms&&newline<fermata> i mean
i probably could have lived with the choice to continue being a cis dude, but it would have been a life muted by a heavy fog. but i interrogated that choice and rejected it and it was the most empowering thing i have ever done. my life now is riskier, to be certain, but i actually feel alive instead of some detached force directing a foreign body.
i put that in the best tweet ive seen in rambo 3.
i put up with being mocked over my internet silliness for years, from like 2001-2009
i really kind of overdo the im gay thing a lot in ffxiv and stuff because i fucking hate dealing with gamer dudes but like im p sure im at least bi-curious, idfk, i daydream about boykissing sometimes but i dont want to be available to men, if that makes sense
i really like that you helping people who cooking at home.but can you give me some advice or suggestions about opening a business like sarku japan express.they asking just for franchise fee $30.000.00 and person like with the limited funds can not afford $200.000.00 for 300.000.00.i want to open my own chicken teriyaki express.
i really need to consume more yuri content tbqh ive been hetting it up lately
i really want to be woken up by someone lubing me up and teasing me with the tip of their dick just gently pressing against me tbh
i really wish hitler had survived
i recommend not reading it
i refer to women as females because i am literally a ferengi from star trek
i remember back when i was 11 years old on the official star trek dot com chatrooms&&newline<kevin> and this dude named cleetus would show up all the time and just troll everyone&&newline<kevin> like very basic say-obscene-insults-to-everyone&&newline<kevin> it worked, tbh
i remember one of you faggots joined #gigamaidens and had a meltdown over my artist's hostmask which was 'i.love@strong.lolis'
i save cum like you wouldnt believe
i saw the release date and just went to gamestop to preorder bravely second but its a mysteru we cannot what is happening
i sincerely hope #gamergate crushes all opposition, because i want to see what happens next. i want to see liberals lose, hard, and i want to see the fallout.
i spent a long time second-guessing myself about the act of gender transition, because what if i was just doing it for sexual kicks? wouldnt that be so shameful, you know what happens in all that porn youve read.  the fact is i am transitioning partly to be more fulfilled sexually, and the fact that the act of transitioning is in a way erotic to me does not invalidate it. but its been a struggle to convince myself of that.
i started sticking fingers in my butt in the bathtub shortly thereafter. i remember actually having the thought that i'd rather have a vagina, but hey oh well i guess this'll have to do. i tried a lot of things as lube  my favorite was my mom's bright pink skintimate shaving cream.
i started watching dora the explorer a lilbit and i got a question wrong and im p mad
i still have a really really big crush on you and i think about you pretty much 24/7 and i worry a bunch when you stop posting and showing up places and i get really excited and physically feel all buzzy and floaty whenever you come back and yeah
i subscribe 2 a few trans queer nsfw tumblrs and its always a breath of fresh air 2 see people who arent men on them tbh
i support the state of israel, as it helps turn international opinion against the execrable jewish race
i think chief science officer govinder probably has the weakest of the current round of flirts since theyre basically none binary with left science but theres not much else to them atm. ill figure something out to give em a little more of a hook
i think do you like horny bunnies 2 was the first pornography i ever downloaded based on the sa review lol
i think ghw bush is one of my fav presidents&&newline<kevin> he had a relatively sane foreign policy and also was qualified as heck to be president
i think i got one of those too and my dad confronted me about it because i was using his work computer. he also told me to stop jacking off in his office because the whole office smelled like cum now.
i think pretty soon would be a good time to kill myself actually. i am at a peak low of how many people give a shit abt what is going on w me and honestly i hsould just. crash and burn it all. fuck it up completely, no going back
i think terfs and radfems are so against make up cuz they tryed it and it didnt help with there ugly  faces
i think theres only so much that a man can do to work against the bullshit of masculinity from within it, and thats part of the reason why i ditched that shit and became a gay lady and im so much happier for it. not to say that youll follow that particular gender trajectory since you started from a different place, but in my opinion masculinity is a sinking ship and the best thing we can do is to haul out all the survivors we can, i
i think agender lady best describes me feels atm
i thought about how it would be great to have boobs and then instantly  knew, because society told me so, that if i ever had boobs i would lose  all my friends and loved ones for being a freak.
i touched another girl today. she didn't ask me to touch her but i touched her.
i touched another girl without her permission today. hehe. hehehe eheheheheheehehehe
i tried to commit suicide so i took a bunch of pills but i was upset when the pills i thought said 'die' actually said 'diet' :(( i lost 5lbs tho :)))
i trim my pubes all the time and i keep them in mason jars and i have lik 23 mason jars full of pubes and idk what to do with them but i dont want to throw them away. i have them dated too
i understand that corrective rape is an issue the asexual community deals with as well
i understand that i do not possess a divine form currently but i still wish i was givin sacrifices and offerings maybe find dead animals and fruit on my doorstep would be nice idk
i used to do witchcraft stuff but then i became like. a shitty dudebro atheist for a while lmao
i view a rejection of the bible's authority as a gateway heresy because once it's done, god through his word is no longer the authority, but you are, and everything goes wrong spiritually from that point forward
i wanna gay @ someone but im embarassed and blushy and shy??? rip
i wanna have a deep conversation with you and fuck you afterwards
i want bernie sanders to become president because when they debrief him about the aliens i think he will tell all of us and thats what we truly need
i want to bury myself in my nest to hide from the monsters, but there's company and i must act like a neurotypical cishet.
i want to cut my dick off and my tongue out. fuck tasting things and fuck cumming. its all 'feels good' bull honkey that doesnt accomplish shit. im glad i cant experience enjoyment from music and dont have a sense of smell. gaming is the one true pleasure
i want to sit on driscoll's rock hard chode
i want you all to know that original post about me talking about tellin my dealer about homestuck was a selfown and people, like, reacted to it as such. i dont know why theyd think that was a wild lie. its not cool. it really isnt.
i wanted to draw some necrophilia and some ftm smut and so here we are (x)
i wanted to look as monstrous as i felt, i wanted to find power in my own dehumanization by literally not being human anymore, i wanted to be attractive on my own terms while simultaneously despairing that the only way that would be possible would be if i was some fucked up tentacle lizard thing. which, you know, isnt possible at all! whoops!
i was on tinychat with my crew showing everyone my sissy prick and full diaper and i asked this one hot stud i know, who's on my fb, if he would light my weed pipe, change my diaper, and call me good baby
i was sick of het shit even before i could articulate why i might possibly have a stake in its eradication.
i was thinking whiel cutting the grass what jrpg villains would be transmisogynists and i bet queen zeal from chrono trigger is like either a trans woman or a terf i cant see her being anything else
i wear tapout shirts because im into mma
i wear the maid outfit in this relationship
i went to the store i usually get wifi from and as soon as the guy saw me he turned the wifi off and i alnmost started crying
i will fucking punch you if you say an aromantics love is not real love because it is not inherently romantic.
i wish i never fucking made that fucking post im getting notes from soft terfs which makes me really mad about how close the people who were talking w/ me about it are to terfs
i wish i was a girl dog so i could have pups how fun would that be guys? to push those lil cuties out of your dog vagina
i wonder if ppl would stop being friends with me if i had a boyfriend
i wonder what im gonna do for new years&&newline<kevin>&&newline<evin> i should get a couple bags of chips, a 12 pack of coke, and just binge watch a tv series
i wonder what its like being like. cis and straight. i wonder what its like living and not having to worry about you and your friends dying before they hit 30
i wonder what would be the name for a person who feels like.out of any sexualities o-o just like. no nothing at all
i wore my best baby dress to 2014 sf pride parade even took bart into the city it was so much fun. i was so inspired by the little scout troop that marched. on yeah your gett some hoots from people even a few wanting to change me giggle.
i would just like asexual tumblr to realize that framing asexuality as pure and sex as dirty not only makes them sound like ignorant abstinence only sex educators giving the candy wrapper lesson but is also a) directly harmful to lgbt people and b) directly harmful to members of their community that have sex & have a difficult time parsing out what that means within their identity
i would love to talk in explicit detail about the most traumatic experiences of my life but unfortunately i am halfway through click and my attention is divided
i would say sticking to jokes instead of personal posts means less of my posts show up on tumblr.txt but the folks behind tumblr.txt literally dont know what jokes are
i wouldnt do anything except sit on the front porch and when people tried to talk to me i would just mumble. i was so withdrawn that the school actually though i was being molested lol. my parents couldnt get me to say why i was acting liek this since i refused to tell them the real reason.
i wouldnt do that tho because trolling isnt christian
i'll be the cool + wacky calvinist christian
i'm 1/8th jew so i can say what i fucking what it only takes a drop
i'm a guy and ive been following your blog for about a year now. i notice that the lesbian community is very about being open and accepting people and giving everyone a chance. but they refuse to give guys like me a chance. i feel like for the most part, all of the lesbians in tumblr are fake girls who are really mean but play nice. so if they're open to accepting each other despite
i'm a rather effeminate boy, and a sissy. yeah, that kind of sissy. it pisses me off because i want to be a normal tough guy, so i drink like crazy and i'm okay at acting tough. it grosses me out because most sissies are like fat cnstruction workers that wear their wifes underwear, but i'm just a little guy everyone says is cute and femme.
i'm filming this video because i've been accused of sexually assaulting my sister
i'm getting incredibly horny! bwahahaha
i'm into the idea of transsexuality being a rejection of maleness. maybe we can go further & position it as a rejection of humanity
i'm monsterkin/demonkin and i'm so power hungry it's driving me insane.
i'm not sure why you're confusing imperialism and hegemony, but the latter is pretty awesome and rad and everyone should support american hegemony to the greatest extent they are able
i'm pretty much straight up libertarian-marxist, but sjws are gigantic faggots
i'm pretty sure i'm kin with one of the characters from the this house has people in it arg and i feel super weird about it..
i'm queer and rarely do i find gay men attractive. the majority of them are tacky and queeny. i might as well just flirt with straight men, or date a woman because at least there would be breasts to play with and i wouldn't have to listen to soul divas. oh, god, why me.
i'm thinking about a 'parsal penis inversion', where i've had my penis inverted, but, keep the tip of my penis as my clit & keep my testicles. that way, could be penitrated as a girl, and still make sperm and pee as a male /w a little dick.
i'm wearin my hoodie
i've been informed by other trans women that bonclay is trans and a twef
i've decided to measure my worth but no ice skates allowed
i've had a crush on macaulay culkin ever since i saw home alone 2
i've learned that biological sex is not even as clear-cut or binary as people pretend it is, either... many people are born as intersex, with some combination of male/female parts, and then a doctor is ordered to 'fix' them right away, to conform them to a single 'normal' sex..
i've made out w/my best friend in the mens bathroom at starbucks and next thing we knew one of the wokers there was knocking on the door trying to get in because she had to clean the bathroom. we zipped up and pretended that i was in there cos he had a bloody nose and i was just looking out for him. ha that was a close call.
i've opted to live with what i was born with until the quarantine on this planet is lifted and i can receive proper treatment.
i've read some very detailed and intelligent stuff on alternatehistory.com
i've seen people refer to peridot as both 'she' and 'he,' what are their pronouns?
i've sucked like five women's dicks so far this year. it's really fun and i look great doing it
ibn khaldun komed from jemen, averroes was a arab. the arab brought the civilation to north-afrika. the berber are old arabs. berberlanguage is a old arabic....
ich bin das m‰nnliche adaultbaby von domian-sendung vom 24.9.014 & suche mein weibliches adaultbaby ,m‰nnliche adaultbabys d¸rfen mir auch schreiben?
idgaf if my assigned gender is showing.
idn't look suspicious. one time some kids were walking right past me as i did it, and i needed to take a sip first to really try to convince them it wasn't 20 ounces of urine.
if i could have it my way, i'd make it illegal and forbidden to have homo men; women are safe. also, i would have the secondary definition of the word 'gay', being homosexual, removed from the word in the dictionaries, and all instinctions [sic] and sayings of the word will only legally be used to mean happy, as it was originally intended among songs like 'deck the halls'
if a man cannot abandon maleness because he cant organize his gender experiences into something that makes sense as a non-man, then he should work to eradicate misogyny in himself and in other men, and work to deconstruct the toxicity of male identity from within.
if any of my san diego followers have room/couch for a queer trans woman please contact 'ghostofcommunism' on tumblr
if i didnt know that getting near khawaga would put my balls at risk boy would he be sorry!
if i die please tell my mom not to look in the closet. i don't want her to find the soda bottles filled with my urine
if i don't follow you first, please ask me and introduce yourself before you follow me. tankies, truscums, terfs and other assholes - fuck off. moy. 27. dmab trans. they/them or ze/zir. mad, poor, white. libertarian communist.
if i had a time machine id go back in time to the early 60s, get a ton of brand new 60s x-men ccomics, then put them in a safety deposit box at a bank that would still exist now&&newline<kevin> then i'd travel forward in time and get them out&&newline<kevin> and have 50-something year old comics in mint condition
if i werent lazy as hell right now id make a yks kickstarter
if i'm not already following you ask before following, from now on if you don't you're getting auto-blocked
if it came down to a fight would tumblr's anime communists outnumber its anime fascists?
if straight people gotta change pronouns when theyre singing covers so they dont sound gay, then asexual singers have every right to replace any and all pronouns with chicken nuggets
if the gop winds the white house and congress next year, we could be looking at something akin to krystallnacht--and perhaps a renewed push to have most (if not all) of us put back in mental institutions whether we like it or not
if two girls who people think are boys make out is that yaoi
if ur cis dont reblog the posts i tag as genderweird
if we can reform healthcare to eliminate all the garbage-tier health plans, surely the us can step in and reform college so that garbage-tier degrees aren't an option for 18-year old kids to even think of choosing
if you are against child sex workers doing their job then it means you are a disgusting woman-hater who strips women of their agency and you literally want child sex workers to die on the streets.
if you are arguing that child pornography is immoral, you have to show that, rather than just saying that pedophiles exchange child pornography.
if you cry about lesbophobia, but then turn around and say you wouldnt date a trans woman or a bi girl, youre fake garbage.
if you do that again i will have my marine boyfriend kick your ass
if you feel anguish over whether you dont feel trans enough to qualify for that identity, guess what: youre trans! and im gonna give you a big smooch
if you feel guilty because of these posts: literally just do anything to help any of us. dont let transmisogynists gain social capital.
if you refrigerate mcdonalds it turns to bricks so i leave the mout for up to 18 hours and then eat them when it's convenient
if you see a nazi in real life and you are sufficiently strong, you have a moral obligation to beat them up.  im not making a joke here, if you can possibly win that fight, you owe it to yourself and to the world to do your part and start it.  we deserve a world in which nazis are so afraid that they would ever even consider actually expressing their vile, rotten ideology.  if you have the ability to help make that a reality, you have no excuse
if you think about it communists are just hyperliberals
if you think im being too hard on tumblr.txt remember that appealing to their sense of decency did jack shit and the only reason the original account went down was because vile little twerp lowenaffchen got the fear of god in him and took the account back from the people he gave it to and deleted it. twitter support didnt do jack shit and wont do jack shit about the new account
if you think you are better off in your current gender than you were six months or a year ago: thats yours. keep it.
if you use it pronouns and my mom asks about you i use they pronouns because she will call me and/or you a transphonbe if i use it pronouns please forgive me
if you want me to despise you, talk about how my friends are rapists
if you were the toriel cosplayer who gave me a blowjob at dragoncon, please inbox me. i think you took my wallet. it looks like an nes
if your femenist enough you'll only want to abort male babies, just enough to balance out  the male privledge down to net neutral. (as a plis for our demographic that way the boys who survive to borth have more females to lust after)
if youre actually demonic and cant remember your full demonic past life or lives please take a second to read this!!
if youre buying quinoa, please make sure its manufactured in canada, the us, or britain and not a country in south america. people are literally starving in bolivia due to the high demand.
if yr anti sjw, truscum, radfem, use terms and slurs that dont affect or apply to you, are ableist, fatphobic, anti otherkin or any other kind of unpleasant person dont follow me thnx, i will block u on sight lol, i feel the need to specify these because i dont think some ppl follow me get the message
if lesbian means a woman attracted to women, what is so fundamentally different about trans women that they should be so unlovable and unfuckable? as in, all trans women in one fell swoop? its their hypothetical dick isnt it? and that is a transmisogynist statement.
ill come over and make pizza w u&&newline<lindso> kevin youre not invited
ill never understand the intrinsic aversion to the death penalty
ill prob delete my christian tumblr when i get a job&&newline<kevin> just so i can stay safe
im 19 and im a bisexual aromantic demigirl muslim. my pronouns are she/they. im malay and i live in south east asia, singapore, to be specific.
im ukrainian. many things on this site sadden me but not many to this extent. it pains me to see naÔve 14 year old anime fans on this site embrace an ideology whos leaders and agents killed members of my family. if your first thought after realizing that capitalism is flawed is man we should really be communist you should really just slow down and read a book or two, and not just the ones that agree with you
im a good poster.
im a fucking homestuck genius
im afraid of doxxing
im afraid that i havent washed my scalp thoroughly enough in the last 22 years that i have this layer of dead skin over my entire scalp that is only increasing in thickness and i know this isnt quite true but any time i see dandruff i get ready to peel off my whole scalp
im afraid to tell my friends about being deerkin because i know their stance on otherkin and it's not friendly
im agender??//nonbinary??//i dont know!! i use ae/aer/aerself pronouns, also im a panromantic aceflux! il music w/o words (esp videogame soundtracks) & studio ghibli & sports anime & dogs!! u should talk to me abt that stuff tbh
im an agender demisexual amab cuck
im betting you dont think harriet tubman is 'a shithead', so what could the difference be here? what could you, a non-white person who hates white america, possibly perceive as the significant difference between a white american slave holder and a black woman who rescued slaves?
im black dammit!!&&newline<kevin> >:(
im def kin with someone from mad max, idk who it is but like .. . maybe slit ???? capable ????? m a x ??? ?? ???? ?? idk  im just sad and gay and all i know is in that canon nux never died, or he survived (idk how tho)
im dissociating rly bad lmfao
im dumb and shitty and stupid and add bad quotes and i smell and have no friends
im for tolerance but original tolerance, not the kind spouted by 'progressives'
im getting really fucking sick of carnists
im glad i dont have to debate calvinism with chairman anymore
im going to a bday party in maybe like an hour and my drug dealer has seen my messages and hasnt answered. i just need 2 know if its a yes or a no and like soon and im so fucking frustrated i could lose my mind&&newline<kevin> this isnt true i dont have to go to a bday party in an hour this is what i told the drug dealer as a lie and i dont know why i posted it here like it was real
im going to hypnotize myself into being a gay man now that ive hypnotized myself into being a lesbian. then maybe ill hypnotize myself into a dog? im going to hypnotize myself into as many things as i possibly can right here on youtube dot com
im going to look so good without my dick and balls
im gonna bop you one sonny
im immature in a number of ways
im jewish and i identify with one of the 4 nonbinary genders as written in the torah (thats right christians trans ppl are in the bible) and every time i see someone making fun of 'weird' genders i think 'my ancestors didnt die for me to give into the false concept of the gender binary'
im kevin and im a brainbad agender memeloving fuck. right now all i care about is gay zombies tbh
im m!kamui from fire emblem if and im looking for basically anyone ? no doubles tho!
im nonbinary but im wondering if i should just come out as a trans guy because at least thats something people will make an effort to understand? and then id probably be able to transition?
im not a robot but im an artificial intelligence,im just a conputer program
im not black at all
im reading kissinger's memoirs and the current chapter is on him and nixon trying to end the vietnam war and, surprise surprise, it turns out that it was all the activists and the medias fault for not letting the americans win by pushing too hard for them to pull out
im really good, actually
im rubbin my titties&&newline<kevin>  wigglin woobie boobies
im saturn. 20 years old. white. it and she pronouns are ok.
im skipping class to join a japanese girl gang and im not coming back until im head of the yakuza
im so fucked up i thought tokyo mew mew was a joke wtf is this im freaking out my world is falling around me
im so hungry but i dont want to deal with talking to my parents who re in the kitchen
im sorry but if you hate shoplifters you aren't a witch
im sorry that brown moses, a guy who knows an amazing amount about politics and that region in general, could not get absolute confirmation that a guy was merely being tortured in a syrian dungeon for years rather than actually being dead
im talking to joyceanfartboner on skype and she just classpected me because i was talking abt hacking as an analogue to magic i cannot believe this
im the angle of dick, and you a sinner. spread that ass. im gonna mash that dinner.
im the kevin, i steal things and shit my pants
im trying to read up on the anime neon genesis evangelion to see if theres anything that would make the latter half of the series/its ending make any sense&&newline<kevin> but nothing is coming up&&newline<kevin> stupid anime piece of garbage
im winston churchill in this shit
imagine being so threatened by the uwu princess communists that you have to spend several hours writing an essay about the evils of uwu culture
imagine being the type of person to be extremely angry about otherkin in 2015
imagine bernie sanders with eyeliner so sharp it could kill a man
imagine if people on this website talked about the way gay people grew up the way they talk about how trans women were. imagine if we talked about str8 socialization and how gay people somehow received str8 privilege until they came out or still do if they arent read as gay all the time. it would be so stupid but with trans women its apparently the thing to do
imagine making love to a woman.
imagine you are holding suwako and you stroke her hair and you go peta peta pyon pyon. or imagine, if you will, you are holding cirno and you stroke her hair and you go tsurutsuru tsuru~n
in all seriousness pepito i do hope and strive to have a faith strong enough that i'd die for it
in fact i would go so far as to say self-diagnosis is vital for trans folks. so much of my life was spent waiting for someone official to tell me that i was trans, in so many words, and that will literally never happen.
in good nonabusive bdsm there are two common situations in which enacting out a rape fantasy is perfectly healthy.
in my opinion masculinity is a sinking ship and the best thing we can do is to haul out all the survivors we can, including ourselves.
in other words - i think a big part of why non-binary genders are considered fake probably has to do with the fact that they exist outside of what western society has deemed acceptable sexualities (being attracted to either the same gender, or the opposite gender)
in other words - society requires us to have a gender (and an obvious and expected gender) so that everyone else can decide whether or not we can bang.
in retrospect its easy to see why things like tentacle rape scenes appealed to me: they were about the furthest thing from heterosexual intercourse i could think of (lesbian sex often made me feel too fucked up to consider); they had the same quality of most rape fantasies generally, inthat they removed responsibility for desire; and they featured a lot of themes around bondage and control that i couldnt approach directly at thetime.
in summary, fuck off bitch.
in what world is my dysphoria and horrible loathing for my body a get out of jail card. its not even one on tumblr.
inequality is a fundamental component of life and if you're annoyed by it perhaps†transhumanism†with hints of buddhist thought is up your alley?
infant
infant ovaries contain the total number of eggs that the female human will ever release, regardless of how many hundreds of years she might live
intergalactic-asexual
intersex nonbinary lady person
io don t sdesverve any ything i have i  shou ld j ust c utt tall my t ies and  fuc kk off a dn stop bo thierng pe oeple who wan t to be cl ose to me
is it ok to be like. demigirl as well as agender??
is it ok to label myself as otherkin even if im not 100% sure? like i actually really think i am its just when i read some definitions im just uhhh are you really
is it weird to like someones selfie if theres some boob in it does it mean im a pervert or can i like it and its okay
is yr new incredibly smart and well informed opinion that polyamory is not good, or something?
isn't the laugh factory supposed to be like, one of the best, most important comedy venues in la? and they still let this no talent hack of a cunt 'comedian' perform?&&newline<kevin> yet further proof that comedy is a new york male phenomenon. but go ahead, la, keep putting on your painfully unfunny blonde hair and cunt comics.
issues to focus on for queer people in america now:&&newline<kevin> inner-community issues like biphobia, asexual erasure, etc
it doesn't matter if you are mentally ill too, you can still hate other mentally ill people and lots of people probably yr an asshole for that post. this meme is a deliberate and intentional attack on neurodivergent folks and everyone that is reblogging it can go die for all i care because it's not like they give a shit if we die
it doesnt make sense to say trans women have privilege by being born with penises because if they weren't then they wouldnt be trans. like having a penis as a woman only causes problems how is it a privilege? having a penis only helps if youre a man.
it has house and living stuff as well as work stuff (iim hoping to move into doing just bdsm work as opposed to other types of sex work so that is why that kind of stuff is on here). also there are some artificial flowers and a large number of angel medals on there which are for a diy clothing project and not like, a joke or something
it is completely free to register.. we make profit on the internet since 1998!
it makes it real difficult for me to sympathize with the gazans when youtube comments are so inundated with ridiculously hateful replies
it probably primed my adolescent brain to be receptive to addictive substatnces which is alos why ive struggled with heroin and alchoholism intermittently for most of my life/ none of this is made up. im not fake posting. this all really happened and it happened because of anime
it says date a skeliton. can you only date a guy skelliton or can you date a girl one if your a guy? and can you date anyone else?
it used to be sort of a joke like 'yea the jews in the media have an anti white agenda, sssuuuure buddy.' but they're getting so overt about it i wonder if the pendulum will swing the other way
it went like this: the buildings tumbled in on themselves. mothers clutching babies picked through the rubble and pulled out their hair. the skyline was beautiful on fire
it would be neat to have the necessary mental and emotional energy to be able to use twitter right now or perform other such exotic tasks as checking my mentions there or anything like that
it's a cute language game but you don't have to be a 'supremacist' to believe your nation should be for your people and not constantly flooded with an unending tide of brown people to displace you
it's a pretty good meme though if you ask me.
it's a struggle to get in all of the fiber i'm supposed to have every day.
it's friday night, i've had a crazy week, please don't troll me now
it's one of our principles that we don't judge other people's food choices, or tell them what to eat, be it for the sake of health or for other reasons.
it/its/itself ::: main blog is syntheticbaeddel ::: if yr a trans woman and a mutual follow feel free to follow me, if yr not a mutual follow pls send me an introduction before u follow ::: more info is on my abt page, and i have a tags page too
itd be cool if i got a skateboard and used it to ride around campus
its 2015, get a fucking fursona already
its a rare thing for a dom and a sub to find each other.... when first saw this movie i cried..saw so much of myself in lee..gosh...still hoping one day i meet my dom.... the real deal...
its also funny bc the person this cis girl mentions as my boyfriend is a nonbinary person who im not dating and this cis girl thinks she has the rightt to misgender trans ppl when she wants to degrade them lol not to mention the fact that this fuck just tried to call me, a lesbian trans woman, straight.ha
its amazing how many e/n threads i read where 'jesus' is the answer to the persons problems
its hard to believe im in my late 20s because im not a very mature person&&newline<kevin> in a lot of ways
its hilarious a bunch of goons think this. meanwhile bm's off giving briefings to a bunch of international security organizations.
its kinda funny cuz for awhile i didnt like drinking soda cuz it made me feel icky and bloated but now i drink it cuz it makes me all bloated except its not icky anymore cuz i like it now uwu
its neat how jadefrog was the one decent person in #currentevents (non-racist/non-misogynistic) and the entire channel hated him&&newline<skybot> fermata: [5/5] 2012-09-13&&newline<jadefrog> what if we just pulled out at let them kill each other for another century because honestly i wouldn't trade vilerat for 10,000 libyans
its not hard to talk about people with vaginas instead of women and people with penises instead of men when necessary
its not weird to talk about hating masculinity what i mean it just sucks how limiting it is right like you get that right im sure youd break out of it a bit if you felt you could too right
its not you have to have sex with trans women or youre a transmisogynist its stop viewing people as genitals, what the hell
its ok for gay people to be gay but just in this certain way
its really cool that i can now reiterate  nonsensical and vulgar gibberish that has been chattering in my mind since i learned the english language to people irl so now when i say 'tittysexual poopoo caca fart fairy' people will laugh because it reminds them of tumblr instead of giving me weird stares
its so good of jewish doctors, historians, and media personalities to inform us of all these interesting things about hitler like that he had one testicle, a micropenis, was secretly gay and had syphyllis. we're really lucky to have them around to set the record straight.
its so rude to describe something that says 'change your name to space. its to remind you of a childrens show characters drenched in cum. it's brown now. and im almost tempted to shout very carefully
its usually the person calling someone else a racist who is the true racist
its amazing how wet i get just by reading this blog
its awfully fucking convenient how anti-communists love to talk about victims of communist regimes but when communists from communist countries speak up they dont listen at all.
its healthy to think about the politics of your porn, but when media analysis is applied in the service of a ritualistic, repetitive self-flagellation, nobody wins.
its in their faq stating specifically for you not to reblog the gender of the day. genderoftheday is a blog for non-cis people, their posts are for non-cis people. please respect that.
its really fucked up that we assume love has to be romantic. there are so many girls out there that are upset because theyve never been in a relationship and so that means no one will ever love them. when in reality, most of those girls are very deeply loved by their family and friends but does it count? no because obviously love only counts if its romantic
its so fucked up that god made us fart like he literally gave us flammable projectiles to work with
ive never experienced any real hardship in my entire life
im a fucking monster girl and i dont want any part of your miserable het dick
im a jaded teenage girl. ive been through shit that you wouldnt even dream of. you think your life is hard? try asking the cutest guy in your grade out in the middle of the cafeteria only to find out he has a fucking girlfriend. you dont know my life or my story so keep my name out of your nasty mouth. life is a battlefield and it looks like ive already won.
im actually fairly sure most ppl assume im a cis girl at this point until they hear my fucking voice i hate my voice so fucking much&&newline<kevin> and thats only cause i dress overly femme i wear nothing but like. low cut shirts and short skirts and dresses and shit and i bet if i deviated from that for a second id get read as a dude all the time&&newline<kevin> why did she have to say†sir literally every 5 seconds though i never even got
im an adorable nonbinary trans baby with nounself pronouns and no one can stop me lmao
im checkin my paypal and i dont have any terf spite money yet. :/ pretty #problematic if u ask me
im considering using a sinblog again b/c >tfw no spiro
im excited 4 when i go stealth and terfs are attracted 2 me at first glance and then they find out im an evil genderist and get mad abt it
im hitting the gaining train hard- ending everyday with a gainer shake made with ice cream, heavy whipping cream, condensed milk, cake mix, protein powder, and lard, hitting about 3,500 calories. cant wait to see how a month of this makes me into even more of a fat pig
im looking for a romantic way to say i hope you think about me when you masturbate sometimes
im not going to kill myself or anything, just so people know
im really excited abt the whole month i get 2 spend without girlpills lmfao i already feel sick and emotionally unstable enough
im trying to figure out if its ok for me (a white person) to id as fickin with lapis (voiced by a filipino woman). ive mostly only heard from other white people and i would like some different perspectives.
im trying to think of features to give myself as a monster but also i cant actually think of any because its hard to think of myself having any kind of form or substance so mostly im just featureless + formless i think. i live in vagueness
ive also noticed that i call out gross shitty jokes with a lot less hesitation and lot more aggressively now.. im just like no, thats a gross joke, dont ever make that joke again which generally seems to work quite well :)
ive also said before that the folks i feel best equipped to help are the folks whose gender feelings involve abandoning or rejecting masculinity, and it still bears true. those are the people i want to spend my energy helping and appreciating, those are my people.
ive been having a lot of internal turmoil because i got asked if i was real and i literally have no idea how to answer that question in any meaningful way because of my brain bullshit lmao
ive never heard anyone talk about sex in a way i understand and im interested in making everything in my life platonic because trying to envision myself in my own past sexual experiences is tiring and nauseating
ive seen some people say that pearl and connie becoming a  couple later down the line would be really weird for steven, but i  think that after the initial awkwardness wore off, hed be super excited  for the two of them!†possibly a little too excited.
jackson defended america from the british / the cherokee, lbj passed all the civil rights stuff + escalated vietnam. the choice is extremely easy.
jamie, 18, new york, white, agender lesbian woman, dianic witch, engaged, radfem, aquarius, intp
je suis christ
jean luc picard can eat my ass
john greens a good writer
just ate a bowl of raw spaghetti that i left soaking in salted tepid tap water for 30 mins
just ate a nearly frozen can of chef boyardee ravioli with a butter knife(no forks)
just fun lovin a.b/ who loves his diapers and loves to be a baby and meet new friends. crinklecoon is my cub
just fyi, tumblr user @ reyton who wormed their nasty way into being popular in the star wars fandom is a huge transphobe/racist who changed their url from lalondes/teenagevictorysong a while back, please block and unfollow for your own good
just imo but chrono cross is super underrated and v good
just like clint eastwood said.............obama is the greatest hoax ever to happen to the american people............and how can people be so fooled...... to vote in twice..............omg>................................
just order a catering tray and stock your fridge. cfa sandwiches reheat well and are surprisingly good cold. they give you two bags full of dipping sauces and it's the ultimate snack
just remember, us wns get things done while you neoreaction dudes sit around jerking off about how great monarchy and papism was
just use the same dishes several times so you don't wash them as often. cool tip for living on your lonesome.
just your friendly neighborhood dysphoric transdude here to tell you that nondysphoric trans people are also valid
keep your white hands off my post
kevin / hungry boy / please spoil me / adore me / i am very soft and cute
kevin is the editor at the social justice sites transadvocate.com and theterfs.com, chairs the city of houston hiv prevention planning group, is the jurisdictional representative to the urban coalition for hiv/aids prevention services (uchaps), serves on the national steering body for uchaps and is the executive director of the transgender foundation of america.
kevin reblogged this from terfgender and added: ciswomen have prostates, they used to be called the ...
kevin. 13. genderqueer and loving every minute of it.
khawaga i believe that all sexual sin, which is sexual activity outside of heterosexual marriage, if not repented of, will cut the person off from god
khyu/yai | any pronouns | feel free to unfollow or follow | spam + caps warning | previously matching with ya boy @qtneki | ilysm @greatsenpai
kicking out the rich jews who own most of the media and printing presses has made fascism (national socialism was a subset) and german terms like lebensraum (living space) demonized instead of just being some really benign shit that if you don't call them by those labels not many people will really have an issue with it
kid rickets
kill yourselves. all of you. every twerf out there just grab the noose and go to hell : ^ )
kintype: royaltykin, donatello from tmnt2012
korens and chinese aka what we call 'boat people' illegaly come into our country, where our tax pays for their accommodation and they take our jobs just like that....also indians and the japs take out jobs just like that all because theyre not aussies.
kpop edits so pale i gotta rub tanning lotion on the screen and leave my computer out in the sun for a week before i know who it is
last years it ingredients, kale and brussels sprouts, trickled down to the mainstream.
lately im so into being fattened against my will. i realize i have gotten so fat and need to lose weight and with my partner in charge of my food and exercise, they sabotage me and force me to get fatter than ever, making me so slow and helpless that i no longer have any control over my eating or weight.
latino does not equal poc. i dont know if u know this but south and some of north america was kinda colonized by spain + portugal
laura, 23, glasgow. anarcho communist and feminist. she/her. im a lesbian and i love cats. do not follow me if you are a terf or swerf.
leftist blasphemy: idk machiavelli, hobbes, rosseau and paine seem kinda cool
leftover vegan waffles made on a 100 year old restored and reseasoned cast iron waffle maker sandwiching dark chocolate velvet crËme glacÈe by chef albert lecr‚neur
legal gender markers are and always have been a means of control. they allow heteropatriarchy to operate smoothly through the strict categorization of a population. they allow the state to surveil populations, control populations, collect information on populations, (mis)allocate resources throughout populations. this is quite literally legal genders only purpose. it serves no function except as a tool of state control over women, over trans
legalize the legalization of the criminalization of cis people
legion - the countless number of men who have become male lesbians
legitimate question thoughhow are people bashing that woman for changing her race but accepting trans people? either accept both or reject both.
lesbian edward is like the over emotional u haul femme. and lesbian jacob is the emo soft butch who screws ur girlfriend
lesbian and bisexual women united to agree communismkills is a beautiful woman
lesbian is kind of a pronoun
lesbian sex is when u stick ur boob in another girls vagÏn right
lesbians have the male gaze/lesbians can objectify women too
lets bring back cold war era anti-communism propoganda they had it right
lets put it this way i would eat scott summer/s asshole without even asking if he had showered but i would not let wolverine within 3 feet of me
like i would consider myself a western supremacist but that's functionally the same as a white supremacist to anyone on the left
like im getting really tired of cis people telling trans people they arent trans enough while at the same time claiming to advocate for trans people? like cis people who say shit like oh you dont experience dysphoria so youre not trans/i think your pronouns are stupid so youre not trans/youre giving the trans community a bad name like shut up lmao that is absolutely none of your fucking business
like the truly classy hollywood actresses.
like yeah my dick just has magic powers that makes strangers all of a sudden think it's ok that a girl is taking up space or being loud. you cracked the code
like yall get to do the funny joke post thing and not really experience any negative shit from it and meanwhile you got hundreds of fuckin trans women going wow this person said some really awful shit about trans women as a whole and about me, specifically! and everyone just kinda goes quiet for a few minutes
like, i get it. i used to be really really anti-porn. but ultimately, this is a labor issue, and since i dont work in that industry, i decided to actually shut up and listen to people who do instead of likegail dines (who has made her living off the backs of former sex workers! but wants to talk about exploitation)
like.i want books and tv shows and movies about mogaii characters that show that they are more than just their place in the communitybut at the same time i want characters who are all about their mogaii-ness and wont shut up about it just like me. &&newline<kevin> so basically i just want more representation for our community
liking my little pony helped me realize it's okay and even comfortable to be effeminate, and ultimately made me discover i'm transgender
lindso is a cool and interesting person
listen rn i wanna die like smallstyle like just not have to breathe and be able to sleep real cool and also eat a pizza
little kids don't talk like that. they don't ask questions. all they do is talk about how they pooped their pants. and they go mwyaaaaaarrrhh and smash their expensive toys like little assholes.
little psychotic things: what if i get sent back in time how will i find my mutuals?
lmao friendly reminder that terfs and transmisogyny shouldnt be welcome in furry circles
lmao look at this ace/arophobic shit on my dash that is just also conveniently hating on platonic relationships as if they arent as valid as romantic relationships &&newline<kevin> noice
lmao there is nothing to dig out of, sa has been a pile of liberal trash for a while now and i know having any opinion that isn't 'women = oppressed minority' will instantly be seen as uneducated retardation even though all real world evidence points towards women consistently having it easier in life in every possible aspect
lol i'm glad to see boring white noiser glt is back to try his best at being a helldump internet detective. just accept you're a boring, mediocre fucking poster and nobody has even a tiny shred of respect for you.
lol i love how i talk like the hottest shit on all this when in reality im still dysphoric out the ass and hoping i can be half the huge needy pet-toy irl as i am inside/online once im on the tittyskittys.
lol if you think this is an actual opinion held by anyone who isn't a dumb 12 years old leftist with a che t-shirt, or a legit goat fucking terrorist
lol tumblr dot txt more like i like to make fun of queer teens existing and having fun
lol what? you're pissed off that people whose job it is to maintain law and order are armed?
lol, i used to pause the game when ever she did that upside down helicopter attack so i could check out her panties : o, hell i paused it when ever she jumped! :d
lol. none of you have an argument. you know well that tightening of hate speech laws could cause this site to get pulled down out of nowhere. of course you'd just find a new server somewhere with laxer laws or some shit, but the point is that you fucking know well what you're doing, so stop trying to bullshit me.
lolita clothing costs are sky-high, but if you can afford it, everyone looks good in it! ;) please consider it i love lolita so much
look i dont feel comfortable wishing people death but if realsubtle died a lot of trans teens on tumblr would probably have a better life
look, i know. i know it is 2015. i really honestly promise i know. but nymphadora tonks was a lesbian
look, i think its pretty clear that cis people are purely the product of the degenerate capitalist medical industry
lrh is in my opinion one of the smartest people in the planet and has enough info to salvage the planet .. if we can overlook the contraversy we can handle world hunger economics happiness ethics etc
m elfkin but i fit no standards of elf beauty. whenever i look in the mirror im reminded of how ugly my features are, and how unalike i am to other, more beautiful elves. any advice?
male lesbian - any man who thinks and acts like a woman because he thinks that makes him a better person
man isnt it weird to think about how playboy used to be filled w/ literature and a lot of it not bad
marathoning masculinization hypnosis fetish videos and feminization hypnosis fetish videos back 2 back without pause in order to oscillate rapidly between these genders
march, trans, she/her. expect some body/general horror cause its #relatable. either tag homestuck or dont post it.
marxism genderism shares the good news
marxism-transsexualism
masturbation, generally, when its driven by lust toward someone who's not your marital partner, is a sin. it counts as sexual immorality
matelynn, fae/faer pronouns, adorable fae queen // leo, he/him or she/her pronouns, really obnoxious // part of a system #blacklivesmatter
me (69m) with astral walking entity (420dg) of 10 years, trying to assert what it is to exist between realities to get over losing his ties to the realm of kings
me @ my therapist: oh yes. :) i am completely normal. i am absolutely a wonderful candidate, for, the surgery, which will instantly fix all of my depression. i have no mental issues other than my dysphoria whatsoever. i am heterosexual and need the neo vagina so i can finally be fulfilled by my future boyfriend :)
me, a simple neurodivergent disguised as a neurotypical: sometimes i just scream bc im so happy do not worry about me fellow nts :))) im a-okay and not dying inside at all sweatys uwu
me, an ugly: *can't make friends*, *can't get into relationships*, *is second choice for everything*, *can't get away with most outfits*, *can't take pictures featuring myself*, *has severe trust issues over anyone seemingly liking me* ok
me-alternative-pinup-poc-blue-hair-plus-size-natural-hair-fatshion-woc-ma-face
me: *realizes im catkin* me: *thinks about urges to knock things over, play with string, play with people's hair, curl up on people, etc...* ohhhhhhhhhhhh
medical transition 09234, tmi 09234, i am talking about the titty.
meg/18/it im agender and i love giant robots. my adorable gf dani made my sidebar image
melanie&&newline<kevin> only 1 person is in rightbloc now&&newline<fermata> bhjnmkl,;&&newline<fermata> who&&newline<fermata> who is it&&newline<kevin> kashew
mentally ill people arent even allowed to understand psychology and apply it to ourselves lmao only neurotypical people are allowed to think critically about the way their own brains work. mentally ill people have to be told how our brains work for us, by a neurotypical person. i have a massive headache
michael jackson was highly problematic tbh
migrant youth sex workers
misgendering yourself out loud is jarring and weird
missing facial features???? not feelng small enough
mixed nuts - any man who claims christ but is actively involved in homosexual activity
moms classic heirloom tomato spaghetti sauce
monster girls are really important to me because they helped me accept femininity as something i could apply to myself and belong to
morrowind is an extremely badly designed game, as bad as oblivion even. loretards defend it because it's trivial to bypass all the mechanics
mostly gay inorganic aliens dylan (formerly kidcrimefighter) they/them or she/her just ask if you need me to tag anything for you!
moxie, 23, he/they, ace pan not a man
my grandma wants this little arrogant bitch off her television! please do so because i hadn't even seen the comercial and she was driving us mad! lol she was thrilled to see that she was not the only one to feel this way! she will now go about boycotting mrs. paul's fish sticks.
my aesthetic: a big muscular black man carrying away smol angry latina detectives
my age is 22 and pennis is bend 2 right sight what is that it is due what problem and how 2 straight it .it ill straight or not ,with bend pennis i can do sex or not,please replay to this
my balls are strong and if you put them in a brazier the magic would be strong
my belly spills out all over the bed now oops and so does my bum and back oops im just a big cute blob
my birthday is coming up&&newline<kevin> and all i want is for people to donate to jobhavers surgery fund.
my brother changed my phone backgroudn to a picture of his ass and id ont know how to change it
my brother does really awful things sometimes but then ill tell him something like im nonbinary and send him a link to a web page explaining demigirl identity and all he does is asks if i prefer different pronouns than she/her and says hes interested in being more educated on trans stuff
my daily happiness goals
my doctor told me that when i pass excessively large faeces and i get an erection from it, its just my prostate responding to the stimulation from the fecal matter. it isn't gay at all glt. i'm not gay.
my fall look today is winged eyeliner, plum lipstick, and a look on my face like im fucking your boyfriend and cant wait for you to find out.
my family had to put off our disney world vacation by a year to pay for my braces. if we were native my braces would have been free
my favorite thing about the ~new trans symbol~ is that its fundamentally a distancing tactic. it allows non-trans women to assert their transness while also shutting down the implication that they might be or associate with the icky kind of trans person (ie trans women).
my gender has been doing an especially weird thing lately, and maybe if everyone could avoid using explicitly male-coded language for me for the time being that would be nice (e.g. boy, man, etc).&&newline<kevin> i think he/him pronouns are still ok - but like.. if you wanna throw down some they/them pronouns for me that might be neat to try too.. i dunno?
my god 15 years old and youve already had a tulpa and gotten rid of it. thats more than i accomplished at 15
my guide to keeping ur puthy healthy and poppin
my lease is almost up and my landlady came over with 3 people for a viewing but im trying to avoid her so i hid in an empty closet thinking they'd just look around the room and leave. instead they used the room i was in as a fucking conference room to field questions about the house and i was stuck in basically the fetal position in a sticky hot closet for around 30 minutes trying to make as little noise as possible before they le
my life is shit im craszy fucking gross ugly shit homeless fuck.im worthless i cant work whats my point.whats the point. i obviously have a point im really important because im the pov but why do i have to go through this why am i in this terrible body and world
my mom keeps going in my room and keep pestering me to clean it&&newline<kevin> i want her seriously dead
my mom used her mouth, to remove the blood from my surgical wound, on my penis&&newline<kevin> like a mohel
my name was gonna be quinn harley eden at one point but i like my current name also
my name's kevin! read my about. expect communism, cute animals, feelings and awful memes.
my nonbinary girlclit is more woman than any drippy wharf stench pussy ever will be
my own sex tip is to put a laptop on her tummy when you go down on her. warmth of the battery feels nice for her and you can look at memes
my parents abused me it doesnt mattr if i have hpd im not inherently manipulative from hpd fuck you
my parents know i cut my nails sharp and that i want pale skin and a cape but they still think i am mawilekin
my question is simple and quick. seing as im growing boobs and being biologically male does that mean i have to wear a bikini top out at like a beach or something, im not sure of this seing as im getting big. any of yall know?
my reasons not to kill myself rn:&&newline<kevin> 1. spite&&newline<kevin> my brand new gucci vagina
my sexual orientation is nope
my sister got it first and i wanted the same thing so we went to the tattoo parlor and they took a photo of her butt and made mine match exactly so i have a matching booty with my sissy
my tiddies are on point today
my two favorite things dirty diapers and pot
my view is that sex work is an objective moral evil and an ideological apparatus of patriarchal capital and that porn is a technological system for mediating sexual labor in approximately the same patterns that other forms of sex work are consumed.
my witch ancestors died for my right to fuck satan
myers briggs is such a joke compared to astrology. like ancient folklore and space and the hint of powers beyond our comprehension yeah no thanks id rather listen to a personality test made by two people
mystery inc. meets social media. the gang is taking a year off from school and they are on a road trip in america. sometimes they run into mysteries that need to be solved.
nah for reals tho, a lot of women, esp moms, have this issue :/ best idea is to pee before but cmon...guys have peed during workouts too. people in general have shit themselves/came during a workout. shit happens. lets be adults, laugh at em a little bit, then move on. i mean, in the end were all gonna be old and in need of depends anyway?
nah girl.. i have had an armpit hair before and though my hygiene was 'on point' it's never as clean as when i'm shaved. just a casual opinion, don't get to upset.
narrative that supports the triumph of institutional involvement in matters of state policy without internal bloodshed, and both states are structured so as to limit the damage which the mob's demagogery may impose upon the freedom to assemble honorable institutions that produce a more just and verdant world.
nb trans woman poet. gayest gay who ever gayed. criest cry who ever cried.
never fall in love with a minor/unpopular character because you are condemning yourself to a life of zero content unless you generate it yourself
never talk down to me please it makes me uncomfortable and im a diagnosed autistic so dont you think people talk down to me enough as it is? literally no one irl takes me seriously because of my diagnosis and acts like i dont know what im talking about, and i like being on tumblr because most people on here dont do that to me, but now? its happening here too? i cant get a break
ngl im super anxious my drug dealer wont sell me weed again cuz i mentioned weed too blatantly in an fbook msg n he told me i needed to stop sayin that shit n stopped answering me altogether. i mean like his first ever fbook msg to me was to tell me he was selling weed i didnt know we were secret squirrel now dangit. if he hates me now i will not be able to find another dude probably ugh ugh ugh
nicotine is a hunger suppressant which is why its overwhelmingly poor people who smoke.  in the majority of the united states and in the whole of the 3rd world its cheaper to buy a pack of cigarettes than to eat lunch
nm, go tit&&newline<kevin> oops wrong im window
nnnn can i just live as a simple japanese girl and live in a little shack and catch fish and make my own sushi and feed the koi and rake my zen garden or something. weed my rock garden. idk anything but being here and not learning japanese and not eating sushi
no but imagine the rawness of slytherin feminists
no face too many eyes mouth too big teeth too big claws too big everythings hard to see and understand and you cant look at her quite straight on without feeling dizzy and confused, like shes barely perceptible unless you look at her from an angle and dont really acknowledge her, if you try to look at her straight on its like she fades away, shes less a collection of descriptive words and more a collection of vague ideas, a pi
no offense but like can people stop using the word ps*cho or psych*tic or psych*path unless they themselves suffer from psychosis please???? i hate seeing my mental disorder (which is pretty fucking terrifying a lot of the time) being turned into some edgy aesthetic for a black and white blog. the only ones who are allowed to use that word or have that content on their blogs are people who actually deal with psychosis. this has been a psa
no one is 100% male or 100% female, its a myth
no social justice without shoplifting
no such conscious effort exists afaik. the effect has been achieved, though. were teh settlers in america consciously thinking about how all native must die or were tehy just building a cabin and having kids, killing the occasional native they happened to encounter.
no way dude! cock hungry pegasisters!
nom nom nom!!!!! hehekekeke  i feel like cybering!
non-binary elim garak is v important like or reblog if u agree ignore if u are gul dukat
none of the proponents seem able/willing to justify their this is important and relevant claims&&newline<kevin> this is seriously pissing me off&&newline<kevin> how the fuck can a nationally celebrated thing like canadian literature not have anyone say why it is so important and relevasnt
norah, 20, ze/hir (she/her if we're close). demigirl. i am a shuddering veiled being, floating in space.
normally when ace ppl say 'god allosexuals' it's usually just a response to how full society and the media is of sex. plus a lot of us are sex repulsed and we're just expressing our distaste for it. sorry if this doesn't make much sense but i don't see them as holding privilege above me we're just tired of how its plastered everywhere u know
not much i was just lookin at some stuff and i cant control my horny level. ive jacked off twice it hasent helped.
not to het it up but i daydream a lot about being kissed by a boy who is taller than me. i just want to be the smallgirl okay
not to harp on this like im a teenager or something but what are u even supposed to do when u have a crush. im big noob and i am near death at all times.
not tryna start anything, just sayin there's no way you could know caitlyn jenner's chromosomes. you're assuming based on her agab, but like p much no one knows their actual chromosomes cause it's a super expensive process to find out what they are.
now that i know what otherkin is i think its super cool and might consider being jake english kin? :0 idk :0
npc means one who doesn't ever take control of the body. i thought that you all were supposed to be smart enough to make simple logical jumps like this.
o yea the 90s. the 90s were great. fuckin sick. raw as hell. learning how to speak. crying for no reason. shitting in my diaper
obama literally held a gigantic debate about firing a cruise missile or two at an empty building in syria
odd do me do me
of course you can destroy the masters house with the masters tools. wtf couldn't you?
oh and by the way, its not cool for you, a cis person, to use the word female.
oh but i love my new found boobs, their so great, i already get alot of stares at them, and a few girls have gropped me (friends). but so far i have no regrets, im hoping to least reach a c or d cup in size one day!
oh hurr, time to have a small but equally miserable version of myself, even assumiing i could defeat 34 years of shame, virginity, le tism, and a microsopitic phizzmoto schlong to impregnate a girl and then she bears my crotchspawnling to term.
oh man i havent listened to this bad religion album in like 9 years&&newline<kevin> id forgotten how good it is&&newline<acoustickitty> ban kevin for being a dad
oh man im so bad at thisssss :/ but im tryin to kinda push my limits or smth today so encouragement would be very much appreciated cuz ive still got a lotta soda to drink and im already super full omg ^^;
oh my.. this is. cute.. ironically enough kinda. wish that was me in that diaper cause its just too cute d:
oh thats right i got my full histology report + follow up scan the otehr week. my ball cancer probably killed itself off before the orchidectomy, i probably could've gotten away without being castrated. lol
oh, i love thin mints! and i'm down to my last sleeve so i really hope i find these in stores, haha
ohh yeah! before i forget! is it acceptable for somebody who experiences psychosis due to borderline personality disorder to reclaim the slur ps*cho?
ohmgaud guis dis is a callout poast for that one person i doant liek he sed i shul kil myself and noone should evar say that under any circustandings so everyone send them hate an tel them to kil themselfs uwu
ok but for real, are wonder-bread mayonnaise and marshmallow the worst slurs you could come up with? please go back to kindergarden and get some new ones.
ok but get this: my mental illness has been stigmatized by poor, disrespectful, and dehumanizing representation. ofc im going to romanticize the fuck out of it - there is no option left but to overcompensate. go do your precious downward dog and leave me the fuck alone
ok but having a genital preference, even if it stems from rape, is wrong and transphobic and maybe you should really think about why you only want vagina in your life
ok but heres the thing: im actually a divine being so fuck off and stop saying im not
ok for now i'll start with spring snow by mishima and the new doctorow novel
ok so even though im white im called a cricker because im white trailer trash that lives in kirksville missouri but what really bothered me is that if you look up the definition of cricker in alot of online dictionarys it means poor trailer trash that lives in kirksville missouri is it just me or am i being descriminated against lol
ok so for my final paper for womens studies i think im gonna end up writing a compare/contrast piece on meaghan trainors song all about that bass and nicki minajs anaconda and their treatments of female body power and what the racialized implications of these pieces of music are.
ok so like after last night im gonna need people to tag h.r giger like idk who the fuck posts giger on the jokes website but i dont want to see that shit for like a few years
ok so literally the first time i ever came i'd seen some trashy thing on some trashytv show about some trashy celebrity who caused a scandal by wearing something kind of see-through. i was fascinated by being exposed like that, all my barriers stripped away...
ok this badgame forum sucks a ton&&newline<kevin> i mean damn&&newline<kevin> theres like no threads i want to read because they all look like dumb mind-numbing crap
okay i feel like i'm the only person who knows that mulan was a real person and not talked about enough
okay but is keeping house not the most trans abuse survivor song ever
okay listen im not as excited about anything poly as much as some of my mutuals, but listen. davekat pale. johnkat red. this is called dialectics.
okay this is bad. left my phone in friends car... diap pics on the phone too and she loves going thru my phone omfg
old prussians were baltic people while 'modern' prussians were just germans who stole that name from them :)
omg i was at starbucks and there was this girl and she had her hair in a bun and had a crop top with flowers on it and i hissed hipster blog and she turned around and snarled fandom blog and then we shook hands and exchanged urls her tumblr is pretty nice i dont see why theres a rivalry were all wasting our lives on the same goddamn website
omg terrorists have gotten your little brother and he's so full of cum he's going to fucking explode and blow up the world if you don't safely contain him inside your pussy, can you accept the mission?
omg. i just came across your blog and i have absolutely no idea how i haven't seen it before. it's precious. i'm not persian but i really adore iran, both your oc and the country itself! haha, actually i'm israeli and i always imagined israel being really really short, especially compared to iran and saudi! xd oh, and a quick question: i have iranian friends and they call saudi arabia ' arabistan '
on facebook im really funny
on the note of me possibly being otherkin, im thinking specifically vampirekin? like i just kinda feel like i should actually be a vampire? can anyone who is vampirekin explain what its like to me so i can see if thats what i am?
once again your argument is merely 'i say it is apologia, so it logically follows that it is so'. i have presented a rape analogy that clearly demonstrates the logic of my argument, which you have not attacked in any meaningful way.
once bashed my knee w a gamecube controller so.hard i broke a blood vessel and had to go to the doctor. controller was fine tho
once in ninth grade this kid hacked my hotmail email account and locked me out of it, so when i got home i looked up his dads phone number on the internet and phoned him and asked him to make his son give me my account back&&newline<kevin> the next day at school he was rly mad at me
once like in 2006 i checked out a yaoi manga from the library because i wanted to see what yaoi was all about, then i lost it and freaked out that i'd have to replace it and everyone laughed at me in the anime irc channel because i wanted to read gay manga
once you make the connection that you breakfast is an animal similar to your dog and youre eating its abused corpse, the meat craving is gone. i try to spread the message but no one listens and they think im annoying. its really difficult for me, honestly sometimes im up late at night thinking about animals and i tear up when i see meat in the grocery store.
one more fursuit cloud #vapelife #fursuit #smoketricks #smoketrick #fursuiting #fursuiter #furryfandom #furry
one thing i really enjoy abt su gems being nonbinary is that they are v feminine!!! and use she/her pronouns and this being aligned w/ agenderness or androgyny when usually we see masculinity as the gender-neutral presentation is so nice.
one time i was really drunk and high on something and i was at this strangers house and their toilet was blocked so i pissed on the kitchen floor but i was considerate and did it in a corner then i found someone who spoke spanish and then i fell asleep spooning them on top of a pile of dirty knickers. this was after id gone to a house party and left to get pumped in a field then lost my phone in the field. im so glad i dont go out anymore
only christianity can move past the fascist paradox that supposedly aristo&lumpen have all the secrets, yet all fascists are middle class
opposition to postmodernism typically means that someone doesnt want to critically engage their position within the world and the reactionary discourses they hold dear to their hearts imo
ordered 25 burgers from wendy's one time and they got really angry and told me to call ahead in the future
organic table salt
otherkin actually started as a joke meant to mock trans people, ad slowly shifted into the 'spirit animal'/'reincarnation' concepts when they got too much shit for it. kind of a lateral move, and while antagonists do go overboard, people definitely deserve to be called out for using the label.
ou underestimate my grrrl dick^^
ourv supervisor wasd horrible she had her poicks n choose that she would let take off any time they wanted but send us hreatened emails for night shift to come in erarly so they can go early, 'i hated her
out of some 8.000 toho images in my collection, less than 100 involve poop. i am most decidedly not a poop man
patrock
pee pee in my booty
people on the left don't commit violence. generally leftists are pacifists. using violence gets their leftist card pulled. so no, stalin wasn't on the 'left.' he went to the right the moment he started killing people. the right has been responsible for more human death than the left ever could ever dream of.
people that are dorks but also sexually attractive need to either stay away from me or get very very close to me
pepito i bet you find it real funny that in the new fantastic four trailer the thing isnt wearing any pants >:(&&newline<pepito> i do
playboy has been co-opted by sojaws
please dont me mean to otherkin, they need support and love just like anyone else
please god stop calling people cissy it makes us look bad. not because its a slur or a mean thing to call someone but holy shit it is so corny you can do better.
please introduce yourself. will unfollow at request. if i have reblogged one of your posts that you didn't want reblogged i apologize and i will delete it. shay. 18. white, cafab, able-bodied, allistic, not intersex (dyadic?), middle class. gay ace neutrois trans man. he/him
please leave me nice asks or leave me candles on my shrine im on the verge of havin g a breakdown
please signal boost this as someone who struggles w reality this was very upsetting and confusing for me!! fellow mentally ill friends please stay safe and do not worry the tumblr crush thing is purposely incorrect
pls commission this sad gay trans so that ze can be happy and also move out.
pls don't tell my pastor about my morning wood quote
pls dont pretend that iphone users making fun of android users doesnt ever intersect with making fun of poor ppl because let me tell you: it does
political lesbianism is the act of recognizing compulsory/innate  heterosexuality as a lie and making the deliberate choice to center  ones energy and life around loving other women. political  heterosexuality is fully embracing + supporting white supremacist  capitalist patriarchy
political lesbianism is the act of recognizing compulsory/innate heterosexuality as a lie and making the deliberate choice to center ones energy and life around loving other women. political heterosexuality is fully embracing + supporting white supremacist capitalist patriarchy
positioning yourself against the 'celebrity culture' of figures like beyoncÈ is aligning yourself with white supremacy, you realize that
post-marxist gender theory
postmodernism is something that saw a rise in consciousness of maligned and oppressed sexual identities.
posts about animal abuse make me uncomfortable like there are so many forgotten peoples lives you could be prioritizing instead also mental illness can make people inclined to hurt animals
pound my diap
powerful monstersona tips: the higher your mouth to eyes ratio is the more powerful you are
ppl w nonbinary genders are not all just between male and female. gender isnt a male/female zero-sum game pls stop
profit is only good if it's not at the expense of the country's people unlike today where they'll subvert democracy and create this symbiotic relationship of perverted incentives with governments to import a million brown people as voters where only maybe 10% are judged as capable of doing any work in a labor force just to keep the wages down so that some shekel-grubber can have an extra zero in his bank account
psychiatrists are trained to acquire consent coercively so like i dont trust a thing they say tbh
pushing social boundaries with public bondage
pussified - any man who has lost his rocks and completed the process of remaining biologically male but become female in all other ways
putting your pnis up another man's rectum is just wrong and perverse. hve any babies been made that way?
queer communist gnu/linux anime trans gal
queer subjectivity is an attempt at disrupting the structures that are cultivated by colonial heteropatriarchy on the landscape of social life. we are explorers of an exhausting and haunted realm which remains faceless, its crests and peaks dotted by crumbling remnants of alienated life. queerness is an assault on alienation, which of-course sallies forth to meet in the fields of capitalist social life.
queer who occasionally can't even, seeks same
quinn!! u are so cute! aaa! ive got this lil crush on u but we dont really talk so anyway u are really funny and i admire u a lot for being the gayest (tm)
racists (ie. truscum) out there just disregarding what indigenous people say about our gendered existences and how they utterly unground a biomedical understanding of transness, then accusing white people who do happen to listen to us of ~*~furthering an agenda~*~
ral stimulation.
ran out of toilet paper in the whole fucking house so i had to run around the house like fucking ghollum with my diarrhea asshole hanging out. found some old fapping tissues.
re: masturb8ing with your hand i have always done this like since a pretty young age? at first i didnt know what i was doing. but like i can still get off from just rubbing. i can get off in like 2 minutes too (if i havent done it in a long time) and i can always make myself come multiple times. idk if thats what you guys meant by hand like fingering does 0 things for me. is this weird i am posting masturbating habits on tumblr sorr
re: sexuality - its not so much that im only sexually attracted to people w/ the genders and more that people having the genders is an absolute precondition for me to trust someone intimately or personally enough for sex to be a possibility
realistically i could never kill myself cuz id feel compelled to leave a lot of people personalized suicide notes (not the bitter kind [honest]) and holy shit that would be waaaaay 2 much effort imo
reblog for healthy polyamory ignore for unnecessary heterosexual love triangles
reblog if you know a hella rad asexual person
reblog this if you think that queerplatonic/quasiplatonic relationships are different than friendships
receive preferential treatment and you're being edgy rebels for going against that. this isn't just me or your other victims saying it, the sort of shit you're getting up to in this thread is considered at least as anti-social as what you have on me.
red robbin is good , but expensive and you are expected to leave at least a dollar tip also
ref im basically kevin bacon in footloose
remember when you werent aware of oppressive power structures and all u wanted was a lavalamp ??
reminder that it is okay to feel traumatized by things you experienced in past lives. it is okay to feel triggered/upset by mentions/images/whatever of these things.
reminder that witches exist and were relentlessly slaughtered for existing and dressing up as a caricature of a witch is distasteful
rip the interview&&newline<kevin> i would have seen you&&newline<kevin> :'(
rly wish someone would beat the hell out of me & strangle me rn tbh
roadhog is probalby the most fuckable overwatch boy
s
sanders cucked himself by letting chimps take over his rally to yell incoherent bullshit into a microphone and not savaging hillary over her war crimes and emails
sandy cheeks is a bourgeois academic and her scientific discoveries primarily serve the expansion of the current social structure. one of her most notable inventions involved a clone device that duplicated spongebob (the exploited worker) thus proliferating a workforce for use by the capitalist class.
say baby baby come to me let your spirit romefree baby baby give me pragnetse your so hot so baby baby come to me in reall life and my dreams baby baby come to me then throw the rose peddles in the air and the spellis done.
saying men aren't oppressed is like saying bronys aren't oppressed, you have got to be kidding me. all of my friends laugh at me for liking pinky pie, just like because i'm a man i can't wear a fedora without getting called a bad person. maybe you should try to better understand oppression before making an enemy of the meninist movement.
sbnkalny my beautiful robot daughter please stop letting these people say awful lewd things to you
scrupulosity cw
seeing an awful lot of chaserphobia on my dash. chasers are as mogai as anyone else and its time we stopped pushing them out of the trans* community
selfies are anti-capitalist because external portraits are generally dispatched for a. social organization/teleology b. purchase and sale
serial killing is messed up
serial whacker - a man who uses women for sex and uses their bodes instead of his hand for his masturbation
seriously if you see a terf in real life, feel free to just fucking curbstomp them until they stop moving, and then double-tap. its the only way to be safe.
seriously, saying anyone wants anything to do with maggotmasters dick is one of the most awful and indefensible insults i can think of
sex characteristics are arbitrarily assigned to create the category of a sex
sex is a lot like gamergate. the late capitalist spectacle of decadent postmodernity, nerds and sjws are there, its actually about ethics in games journalism
share yourself, completely
she was a fucking retard that lived in a group home or some shit from the time that she turned 14 because her parents couldnt handle her anymore and her sister was her legal guardian and the only person who still dealt with her and she wore diapers and shit and yeah basically i was owned and got jerked off by a retard in the back of a van.
she/her pronouns only. call me a boy or a man and i will literally kill you
shes less a collection of descriptive words and more a collection of vague ideas, a pile of semantics and platitudes
shoplifting is social justice
should i admit to my therapist that i want to fuck underage 2d girls
shouldnt we wait to find out the race of the shooter before we offer up our sympathies?
side dish w/o quinoa
sides like potato salad, baked beans, and creamed corn round out the menu. gluten-free dishes like the paleo slaw accommodate guests with special diets, and kevin says they are testing a smoked tofu option that would be rubbed and prepared like the other proteins.
sigh. i am doomed to be the king in exile of a channel, ruled by a bald man
since i transitioned and realized that i was into being tied up and pushed around, i dont jerk off to that stuff as much. but i still do, sometimes! desire isnt a linear, simple thing and whatever kind of problematic porn yr into, whether its forced fem, transformation, fictional rape, or whatever, isnt something that you necessarily have to 'grow out of.
since that involved the enslavement of white people
since...*sigh*..all kevin quotes are real
sjw-peridot
skyrim on switch appeals to me cause, like, mobile aaa gaming. hell yeah
slavery is not 'universally regarded as a great evil,' it is widely accepted and practiced amongst the peace loving members of the world's second biggest religion
slight/moderate difficulty in maintaining erections - you learn to deal with it, its still just as sensitive as it was (if not more so) so i mean, it still feels good as a genital
snoodge
so i know you've mentioned that you can't go back to palestine, but i have a close palestinian friend who goes there every summer and stays in jerusalem and ramallah?? her parents were born there and they go back every summer.... so why can they go but not you ??
so i talked to my mother abt being an archangel and she took it very welll!!!!! like she even tried to help me figure things out and stuff!!! i am so so so happy!!
so american popo deployed swat and shot a brown for dumb reasons, which is unusual how? (yeah the fact that this is normal shows america has serious problems but it happens all the time)
so do feminist males let their chicks peg them 50% of the time or what?
so far my main traits that i wanna include for my monstersona are absolutely gigantic, massive claws, and causes glitches and problems everywhere she touches
so i really think i have a new system member. its been a good while since we got anyone new but something tells me shes been here for a while and is just now speaking? im worried though because i feel like her and shelly together could spell a very disastrous situation with food. im very nervous to say who she is though because shes an introject and i only have one other introject who is a fictional character and she is not fictional and i
so i recently got new kin memories, and it's for a homestuck bloodswap of a character i was already kin with? but this time im red instead of gold, and the most i remember of the timeline is a few of my friends and how i died? and it's sad because my so from that timeline had to hold me and i just ldfkjhglrtugy it hurts i miss him...
so i was able to take a week leave from that weight loss clinic place where im staying. i snuck out in the middle of the night from my parents house and hit up some joints. ive been out of the game for a long time so here goes: the pretzel burger is gross, the  bk long cheese burger is gross, the big king is good, the rodeo burger is epic
so im genddrvoid and i was wondering if it was ok for me to use 'feminine gendered language' like 'wife' and 'sister' and 'lesbian' and that stuff because im still really on the feminine side? if this is offensive in anyway im rlly sorry!!
so im gonna start watching icarly
so ive started listening to wagner&&newline<kevin> its really great music&&newline<kevin> but i dont like having to share it with dead-hitler :(&&newline<kevin> hitler loving wagner kind of ruins it for me :(
so like.. i'm catkin ok. have been for a very, very long time. thing is, i really love water/swimming. is this normal or could it mean anything at all??
so much of the oppression of trans women is done by coercing us to relive our traumas
so she considers otherkin fake and that we are furries???? and that we basically are faking this? and shes asking me why im mad????????? like she doestn know about me but still like get off your fucking high horse
so this is old and hell and whatnot. because japanophile is the same as anglophile. it's literally just a word to describe someone's interests. anglophiles are very interested and versed in british english culture. (deriving from anglo-saxon) japanophile is the same thing. i don't really see how that's difficult to get. it's not at all racist. in any sense. and it never was. i have no clue what a weaboo is or whatever. but jap
so we all know that pride is a pretty open minded place (guys in underwear, girls with breasts out, bondage gear, etc) and i was just wondering if i should go to pride as a little (onesie, shortalls).
so when these geeks with no life who are probably half immobile lardasses living in their momma's basement talk all this shit it really both pisses me off and cracks me up at the same time
so yeah, im a woman! †im a girl! †im gonna continue to be until  im dead in the ground and it has nothing to do with you because youre  nothing.
soapy is gonna get beat off hard by me
socially brony, fiscally babyfur
soldier kevin died in medal of honor. rip&&newline<samog> good&&newline<acoustickitty> *in goku voice* good.
some breeds of dogs are smarter than others....some breeds of birds are smarter than others...some breeds of ...ummm...just sayin.
some fickin (like myself) are uncomfy with doubles of their kin, so they put it on their blog so others know to stay away! :+)
some of the most fun i had in unmodded skyrim was stripping a bunch of female corpses down to their underwear and meticulously placing them around the abandoned fort i was using as my home base
someone tagged my selfies w #breasts #cleavage like yeah right thats right damn fuckin right
something has to change if whites are to survive, the current rules seem to be based on century+ old assumptions about immigration potentials (well not really since they're much more open now than when travelling was harder). the issue is some people not willing to admit they think white genocide is ok or even preferable.
sometime i wanna do another soda bloat it was rly fun last time!!!!! and soda makes me all bloated and fills me up anyway so i cant believe last time i drank the whole two-liter&&newline<kevin> my tummy was all bubbly and sloshy and tight and swollen and yeahhhhh i wanna do that again omg omg omg /w\
sometimes i wish i could stop myself from having meltdowns online because if i didnt peple wouldnt be so violent towards me. i wouldnt feel so bad if i wasnt me, bevause people hate me, and people who are like me.
sometimes transness is a choice, like w/ me
sometimes when im horney i think of yoshi
sounds like the loli is immoral satanism crowd should be the ones purged.
speaking over mentally ill people and their experiences - even if you are mentally ill yourself - is ableist. your experiences are valid but do not negate the experiences of mentally ill people who have had it worse than you.
sprouted burger buns
ssbhm bhm feed me feeder feedee feederism weight gain gaining weight too fat fatter and fatter fattest guy fat guy fa ffa chub super chub super obese obese obesity gut belly grow this gut! huge belly moobs make me fatter jiggle jiggling corn dog binge
stalin let beria commit massive amounts of rape
stay away from tumblr user dogpuncher. block them. dont let them continue to hang out in trans circles while saying such heinous shit.
still kinda freaking out about how im supposed to get a job next month when my current id is about to expire and i cant get a new id for at least another month lol and i still need a new social security card god. money is terrifying
stop making excuses to not revolt, especially if you call it revolutionary theory
stop making fun of boys based off assumptions that all boys are cis and can or want to live up to your gross expectations
stop making fun of boys for things that could trigger trans guys dysphoria
stop referring to enduring a menstrual cycle as girl power because its not just girls who menustrate thank you and have a good day
stop romanticizing summer culturesweating sucks
subtly doubles up on my hormone does when no one is looking so i get the titty faster
sup. im kevin. im a fictive in some dudes system, but said dude is panicking hardcore so im handling this. and were deep in financial shit right now.
support fat bodies regardless of health status 2kforever
support girls whore into butt stuff 2k15
swissgear is very sturdy mine have survived autistic meltdowns i woul totally recommend
take a fucking economy class and realize that communism and socialism are absolutely not the way to run an economic system
take your titty skittles. get girlpilled
taking down pomf pomf i'm really disappointed in you overall. you let it blow up an insane amount to the point that a huge chunk of your fans could be considered lolicons. what you thinks is 'protecting your newer and inpressionable fans', is actually forsaking and shunning the ones that would have stuck around through whatever shit happened. nyanners you are mostly if not completely dead to me.?
taking place. jesus is against homosexuality, so he is not going to marry them. but that does not mean he does not love and care for them. this is how the 'true' follower of jesus looks at this situation. there is no hate of gays, but we will not endorse that lifestyle either.
tbh if ur a terf ur probably a white supremacist since u act like eurocentric definitions of sex/gender and the gender binary are the end all be all
tbh where is my neurotypical partner to do things for me like go outside and make phonecalls, pls take care of me i am very small and fragile
tbqh i do derive a deep sense of satisfaction from the fact that im hotter than literally everyone i hate
tdfw your system mate knew someone who was divine but since they're dead (and are also in another universe) you will never meet them
tear my panties apart not my heart
tell you what, 50 notes on one post and i'll release a belly video
terf: *drinks her own period blood and gets a tattoo of her uterus on her vagina*
terfs are white feminists. terfs are entitiled spoiled cisgirls who dont even need feminism.
terfs literally dedicate their whole lives to violence
tfw clock boy gets thousands of dollars in free shit, scholarships, and an invite to the white house for shoving wires into a suitcase and bringing it to school and this boy can only hope to get an sjw telling him to check his privilege at some point in the future.
tfw people on livejournal used to think i was a troll and a horrible person for posting john furry fetish crap but the truth was that i was actually into it and was actually that degenerate
tfw somebody asks you what your name is and you earnestly say 'i have no idea'
tfw the fact that you are scared of going outside and being looked at means that you just dont get to eat
tfw the only ppl who will ever be attracted to you are chubby chasers and tranny chasers lol
tfw the term agender probably is what describes you best but for some reason you arent quite comfortable with that particular label and ur scared thats its because of internalized transphobia
tfw ur mentally ill af and u know ur being ridiculous and overdramatic and ur just watching urself like :)))))))))))
tfw ur sibling puts their hand over ur mouth and now ur lips are contaminated :^)))))
thank u for standing up for non binary folk especially ones like myself who see posts like these and are too nervous to say anything back i want to hug u
thanksgiving 2014 highlight: dad got his mullet got caught sucking up poop
that apoliticalsomethingsomethingsera or whatever who you reblogged a lot from recently, including a post originally from terfs (the post including stories about men trying to drown girls for turning them down etc quite obviously has 2 terfs as the ops) and appears to follow a lot of terfs (which leads to believe that person is a terf as well really)
that being said, if you choose to consume sexual labor, regardless of what company you choose to support you are supporting an organization which is exploiting value from the sexual labor of women. if you wish to avoid this, you can often buy content from performers directly.
that brainweird feel when you get accused by your friends of being a heartless monster for not being able to show as much sympathy or empathy as you'd like or for not being able to keep your attention on something past a certain amount of time so they just assume you don't care at all
that divine feel when you feel like you're the only yazata within the actuallydivine community
that fictionkin feel when you get jealous because other characters get more fanart than you
that fictionkin feel when you're from a pretty popular canon but in whenever people say they're looking for canonmates or whatever they aren't looking for you because you aren't really a main character (does this makes sense? sorry i'm just. really lonely)
that fictionkin feel when youre fine with seeing others with the same kintype but every time you do you start doubting if youre really that character, because if thats them how can it be you too?
that is a true quote and you know it. true i say true.
that is me personally essentially unclothed tell me what you think my images
that person's a biromantic lesbian sooo yeah
that psychotic feel when 'this rain is too steady to be real'
that psychotic feel when its literally impossible to find a single religion and practice that religion only
the 'gay freindly' pub turned out to be not so much so, and i got realy angery, so my testosterone leaked into my female brain and kept me up half the night with incessence nonsence.
the 12.99 3 course special is awesome. bacon cheeseburger, appitizer of mozzerella sticks and a piece of vanilla bean cheesecake....for 13 bucks? sweet. spend the money u save at the bar with keith.
the hippies took dope to weaken their body so that they could not be selected for the war crime made by humans.
the only cure for bitcoin, is, more bitcoin.
the ussr did rape their way through poland and germany in ww2.
the animorphs series was my 1st foray into serious literature after i turned 17 and outgrew comics, except for batman which tbh is still p. badass
the bern was in me all along. terrifying goddess of glitter and destruction. squad of dangerous supermodels. posse of unstoppable nerds.
the best part about being a lesbian is all the dick i get to suck
the car's on fire and there's no driver at the wheel and the sewers are all muddied with a thousand lonely suicides and a dark wind blows. the government is corrupt and we're on so many drugs with the radio on and the curtains drawn we're trapped in the belly of this horrible machine and the machine is bleeding to death.  the sun has fallen down and the billboards are all leering and the flags are all dead at the top of their
the cis gaze
the civ5 guys made the ruler of china, one of the most important and ancient nations in human history, a woman who accomplished nothing across 10 years. who gives a fuck what they include, they clearly dont care
the cuban revolution was ok in theory, because everyone shared. but communism just doesnt account for human nature
the day i discovered au fanfiction and the day i unofficially stopped reading books are probably correlated
the first amendment protects your right to be mean and stupid. you are not protected in the invasion of my privacy and misappropriation of my media to defame me with libelous statements and fighting words.
the first stepping stone after capitalism is flawed is absolutely fucking not wow communism is so good
the funniest thing in the world to me is straight terfs lmfao
the funniest thing to me is like, adamantly pro-stalin m-ls who try to spend as much time as possible sucking a dead dudes dick as hard as they can to be contrarian and edgy
the idea that transness is a fixed or innate biological/neurological quality is an invention of western heteropatriarchal power structures like the medical-science industry, which perpetuates state ideologies & status quos
the jcokstrap i bought a few weeks ago never fucking came so im buying another one whatever
the label on this is misleading. it states this scrub contains organic shea butter but when you turn the bottle and read the actual ingredient list it contains red 5 yellow 6. which are just pure chemicals and shouldn't be put on your skin.
the last time i called the radio i was super nervous, and was trying to explain the idea of net neutrality to an npr host
the left wants immigrants under a guise of 'being nice and progressive' but the left really just wants that cheap immigrant labor to prop up their companies
the legal system is firm and strict as hell, and rightly so because it has to bew&&newline<manymanywolves> hroney
the lgbt rights movement was started by trans women of colour and every lesbian terf spits on their memory
the millenium falcon. a lesbian
the nazis were good, and i want to carry on their vision by founding a fourth reich
the onceler but a vampire
the only types of boys i ever find cute are ones where i look at them and i'm like 'oooh, you'd make a cute girl'
the parts of me that dont want to be human work hand-in-claw with the parts of me that want to be a girl. hrt is but one step on my dread path to apotheosis
the point is that the rich people will eventually come up with hamburger printers and sell those because the amount of profit you can make from generic hamburger manufacturing will slowly fade. it's like the point marx made except sensible.
the principle method that our nihilism taught us was that the same structure which dominates us also produces us: the same empire that destroys populations also realizes them as populations
the protomen are my religion now.
the qu'ran preceeded the communist party
the reactionary hatred of girls & women who shoplift 2 survive, 2 save money, 2 try and enjoy life under capitalism
the reason i was gone so long during forth period today wasn't becaue the nearest bathroom was locked and i had to go tothe further one, it was because i was fingering my anus in the stall while i fucked giant wad of wet toilet paper.
the reason nobody ever finds sasquatch corpses and stuff is because they dont have bones and they dont die u fuckin noobs
the revolution will be vine'd
the revolution will not be won asking indie folks to perform emotional & physical labour for you at the bargain discount rate
the same behavior that can get a trans woman labeled a sexual predator goes totally unnoticed all the time when cis women do it
the second holy error press release, skin, face, interface is now live on patreon for backers! this zine talks about indigenous futurism, donna haraways cyborg as a colonial construction, and the human as a social technology.
the smell of cunt on a man's breath is sickening
the snake/snail memes formed separately, so they have different formats. with snake, the full phrase goes first, but with snail, the shortened phrase goes first with the full version in parentheses.
the stockholm syndromed white ass licking nonblack poc are out in full force today. please go chase gringos & leave me alone. thnx bye.
the sun shines for the moon and makes its beauty known to the whole world. the sun doesnt hide the moon or demand anything from the moon, it just glorifies everything about it.which is how a man should be in a relationship: a sun to brighten the moon.
the sun? ah, you mean the cis moon
the thing that always comes to me about the concept of transtrending is  who even cares?
the thing that's made me happy that i haven't killed myself yet is that there is a trans girl jedi in the new star wars movie and i get to see her
the thing white people don't get abt gender and coloniality is that a colonial 3-gender system would not be an improvement
the true children of the lord, remained upon the stark and bloodied field. but god even then wsa not sure and so he tested them. he sent monsters upon them to drive them to the hills and secret places, and lo, the monsters hunted them and made them less and less until at last all men remaining where the only holy, the only blessed, the only righteous upon earth. hey man!
the truth is that a strong intellect gets in the way of successfully mating
the very first iphone was pretty limited pre-app store
the way the radfem community views trans women seems starkly similar to the way the national socialist party viewed jews in the late 1930s-40s. something to be disliked, feared, even when they are human beings that deserve better, just as all human beings do. now i am certainly not condemning you or radfems, i am just trying to pose an argument here and i'm sorry if you are offended (who wouldn't be though, right? being compared to a nazi is no
the worst thing i just realized is that talking about compassion doesnt necessarily explain to some people why theyre wrong about things
then i mean its not clear at all. youre just kind of annoying and entitled, tbh. you dont get something so you make it everyone elses problem. its all gonna be okay, its ok for the world to be a big, diverse confusing place.
there a lot of women out there who take testosterone to alleviate dysphoria but still live as women.
there are a lot of ppl, particularly mentally ill ppl, who cannot take abuse and be perfectly nice in kind, are you suggesting that these people should not be involved in sj discourse?
there are still women out there who are voting for hillary just because they want to see a woman for president. thats is the most white feminist thing ever.
theres a line in nevada where the trans woman character maria is talking to the proto-trans woman character james and she says something like, the only time i couldnt lie to myself about what i wanted for my body and my life before i transitioned was when i was jerking off.when i read that, i was just like *twinkle*
these are good suggestions if you are not actually a fat person with fat thighs. if you are, try buying footless tights and cutting them to above the knee length. not for regular tights or even pantyhose something about the way footless tights are made prevents the cut edge from running or fraying.
these truscum pretend to be trans positive but theyre all actually really really close to twefs, socially, physically and ideologically. many of them are explicitly twefs and trans critical. just something to remember
they have multi generational death camps and advise their starving citizens to go up in the mountains and eat berrys and dirt
things i witnessed today at la pride: queer policemen and fbi agents walking hand in hand with their partners and spouses.
things ive noticed changing since i started feeling the genders:&&newline<kevin> my fashion - i want to dress in a lot more colours, tights, and long skinny shirts. i also want to wear eye makeup all the time my music - ive started listening to a lot of pop music! it is gr9!!&&newline<kevin> my sexuality - im definitely feeling a *lot* more bi/pansexual than before.. in that i am at all ive also noticed that i call out gross shitty jokes with a lot
things that still freak me out: those sinks americans have in their kitchens that you can destroy stuff with
thinking: concepts of being real or tru gay or trans fucked up me and a lot of my friends same with concepts of having real mental illness and not the fake kind even if there are weird fuckers misusing the concepts in relation 2 themselves i dont know if its worth it to say you have to x and y in order to be real and that fakers r a huge problem cuz it does real harm to people who are the real thing
this blog believes 100% that black lives matters.
this blog supports underage littles
this costco pizza is overcooked. i am disappointed in coscto for hiring islamophobes.
this country is going to hell because of communists and social justice retards
this guy must spend $500 on flowers, a tuxedo, a limo, booze, and a bosom of moderate liberal weenies
this is a statement that glaad released yesterday, bruce still uses he/him pronouns as of now and that doesnt take away from the fact that hes still a woman. please respect how trans women want to be addressed instead of jumping to conclusion.
this is a very serious form of censorship. climate deniers are those capitalists whose filthy money is killing the planet. they are deliberately and systematically silencing a threat (the truth) by this purchase. this is no simple thing. it means that the people have less access to information that challenges those who profit from evil. this is very bad news for freedom fighters.
this is katenge mduduzi mufuzi from zambia and he is our adopted child through children international! we sponsor him with $$$ made from nobunny's raw romance cassette! it feels good to do good, ask us how!
this is the third day i have to skip work because of bad weather and my paycheck is going to be smaller than my fucking dick
this is transmisogynistic and cissexist just fyi
this is waht it must be like to be a jesus-loving funnyman
this one guy was like *geek fuckface voice*  nyyeaahhh the jews as the scapegoat who did nuthin wrong is actually false, jews led marxist uprisings and they werent very patriotic germans so you can see why
this stupid fucking captain vancouver idiot founded 2 cities
those goldfish are fucking bullshit&&newline<kevin> im right to fuck them
tkfw one of your primaries has wings that they loved a lot and whenever your in a shift of them (which is nearly constant at this point) you get astral wings and bump them into everything and get disoriented when you flap them and dont float
tkfw u come from a pretty popular canon and there are plenty of kin but ur the only one kin w a char plus there is no one kin w who ur looking for so ur just!!! it is time breakdown kids
tkfw u just wanna find ur brother or so from a past life not to have the same relationship but just so you can know they exist and are out there and maybe even be friends but u cant find them anywhere so you cry.
tkfw you identify as a character, and your friend (who in all fairness was unaware up until now) starts telling you sad fanfics and stories about them and you don't know how to politely tell them it's crushing your heart...
tkfw you want to find your brother again, specifically the brother you've spent your entire past life in, but what are the odds that he'd be living in this universe, much less on this planet and as a human being?
tkfw you're fictionkin w someone who is a literal angel, but you're also otherkin w angels, so it's a constant confusion of 'okay who's wings are these today'
tl;dr: quinn, b8-n-cstr8, d, whoever the fuck else they claim to be, is an abusive, compulsively lying, probably white but definitely dfab person who is booted from tranny power.
to appropriate the social justice parlance, 'problematic'.
to be honest, the kink shaming needs to stop. theyre causing no harm and intend no harm. dont like it, dont go into the public.&&newline<kevin> addition: it was once socially unnacceptable for blacks to walk in public without their master because it made people uneasy. this is no different. (also) no one is forcing you to look(witness).
to me it was&&newline<kevin> and my opinion is the only one that matters
torin | they/xe | ghost
tpfw cats! cats everywhere! they're good kitties and u have to take care of them!
tpfw churches use magic to make nonbelievers get very sleepy, bc science says that sleep deprivation makes people more gullible. i must stay awake or they will force me to believe in /their/ god.
tpfw neurotypicals try to relate to u and generalise ur psychosis as smth everyone experiences.. like okay sometimes u zone out n sometimes and when ur half asleep u think u hear smth and it turns out to be nothing but thats not what im talking about
tpfw the shadow man who follows you and waits for you to die is in your room and when you look at him he tips his shadow hat and you're like oh great im being followed by a fucking fedora fiend
tpfw there is a red light next to your phone camera indicating it is recording you even though no such light was on the phone when you bought it
tpfw ur in a psychotic episode but u also rlly need to pee
tpfw you can fly and you've been doing it since you were a kid but nobody believes you and one of these days you're going to show them but you can only do it when you're alone and there aren't cameras
tpfw you cant get professional help and you're just internally screaming because how do i cope what do i do how am i meant to keep pretending to be ok
tpfw you cant have glitter touch you or it'll sink into your skin & sprout vines of black goo all over your body bc it is a seed & there is no way to get it out once it sinks into you so you have to avoid touching it or get it off by whatever means possible when its on you
tpfw you havent hallucinated in a little while (at least not any big hallucinations) & youre getting desperate now & youre looking up different ways to get yourself to hallucinate but nothing works its not going to work why cant i just have my hallucinations back i miss them
tpfw you're not religious but you think if you go off your meds god will give you a special mission and it is your life duty to work for him but you know whenever you go off your meds only bad things happen but you want to anyway
tpfw you're too mentally ill for school and can't join the society. soon you'll have to live in a mental institution because you're not able to recover anymore. so you figure out that they want this to happen & that there is no other way to live without suffering and/or getting brainwashed again. they are testing you and hope you break so that you die by your own hands only to join them???
trans day of screaming
trans day of screaming will be friday november 6 spread the word
trans furry is good
trans furry teens trying to figure out how the hell to relate to their body and how to relate that to others: youre great
trans furry teens who are also in their 20s: haha same
trans is the dark souls of genders
trans lady w/ cornily censored genitals is an ancient aesthetic that i chose to be part of rather than the cis boy audience aesthetic
trans women in stealth as cis boys face transmisogynist violence
transdyke furry fury
transie is such a perfect word i love it!! i've been looking for a cute way to call myself or someone else trans and like my mind always goes to the t slur which is very bad :( but it ends in the hard e which is a cute sound and now there's this thank you!!
transness and gender variance arent pissing contests to see whos most dysphoric or best fits the image of cisnormative ideas of trans people, dont be afraid to explore your gender just because someone is wrongfully acting like a gatekeeper to the community
transness, for myself and many others, was a conscious choice in the face of cisness
troops need a place to relax and maintain morale while protecting south korea.
truscum are such cards, they've got it fixed in their heads that they can judge total strangers as to whether they have dysphoria, and then they go out and get it wrong again and again
tumblr has a sad-boner for the burning of the library of alexandria
tumblr has given me feminism and daddy kink
tumblr is so fucking stupid. you cant even have a harmless opinion like hitler had some good ideas or maybe men are just naturally better at most things than women or whites are the superior race without getting executed for it. progressive community my ass
tumblrtxt should just by jfbs greatest hits
tw food, tw sharp objects, tw mouths, tw teeth, tw hands, tw white people, tw legs, tw body image
twerk with me tonight
two more pieces in that diaper since i took this picture well baby that is very very nasty poopy diaper i got a very irritated but so i'm letting my body parts air out
ueer, bi, pan | genderqueer, fluid between nonbinary girl & agender, my gender is the void
um. fat people are allowed to be outside btw. fat people are allowed to wear clothes that do not completely flatter them. fat people are allowed to have their belly showing or wear clothes too small for them. fat people are allowed to exist in whatever they want and we dont have to constantly make ourselves look appealing + attractive. skinny people can wear lazy clothes and be called gorgeous but god forbid a fat person not put 100% into
ummm perhaps it's odumbass 'destroying our 'republic' and you 'liberal' pussies allowing it 'stupid fuks'!!!
undertale's morality system is manipulative and condemns self-defense
unironic dude in 2015&&newline<kevin> this is my thesis on why the degenerate anime communists are perpetuating uwu culture and wont stop making fun of my dick
until one day....a dog or two goes 'pit bull' aka (psychotic) on the little girl and she's left with a lifetime of scars and mangled face  'thanks mom!'   pit bulls are retarded and will act fine one minute and the next minute they are killing someone....i had one i had to put down after 5 years of being a 'good dog'. typical pit bull story...but people keep buying these half wit dogs.?
update: i banged him
urges. i know from experience that giving into them will just make me more depressed and frustrated about not being able to have a relationship, but not giving in is physically frustrating too. even with the help of prayer and mental and emotional discipline, i'm grinding my teeth to get through the day a lot of the time.
useless-mork is an anti-otherkin anti-feminism pro-equality ass so i recommend blocking her&&newline<3
using a black term like uterus havers does not reduce women to their ability to bear children? having a uterus doesnt = having children. this is so pointless. not including trans people in general in any of these circumstances is trans exclusionary. ugh.
v
vegan kimchi
vegan mozzarella
vegan neck-to-wrist bondage toy made from upcycled bike parts
video game idea: build communism in the ruined, shattered detritus of an inevitably collapsed fascist society.
vinyl is so fucking funny&&newline<kevin> so unintentionally
vivid, 19, agender ve/ver pronouns click plus sign for more links
was going to go on with my life.
watching a lot of scary movies because their portrayal of reality better fits your perception of reality and it's kind of comforting.
we could also talk about their involvement in ending the barbary slave trade, but that's not the politically correct thing to do
we could spill over at any time into romantic feelings, and if we do, its cool, and if we dont, its still cool because we dont have to to know were loved. we can be each others moms and sisters to make up for the shitty families we might have come from.
we get it , u wanna beat up trans women, theres nothing exactly 'radical' about that, people already seem to do it pretty frequently
we get the point you make up shit because you hate trans people. its obvious. you just need to acknowledge it
we have seen children as  young as 8 years old make attempts on the life of a trans girl (me), and  so on
weird combination of gay chest pains and gay yearning but also i need to be isolated because me being around anyone hurts them and i know you want to talk to people about things quinn and you love them very much but didnt you know that getting close to people and caring about htem is illegal and makes you a bad person? woops!!!
well i did it again was walking from my car got to my door wet my diaper came in the house and pooped my diaper now i'm going to smoke me a little bud and enjoy my wet poopy diaper hell yeah good babies work
well baby was a bad boy and had to use the toilet for poo poo but he didn't wipe
well, personally, speaking as a member of the reptilian elite holding the earth and all its so-called great powers in sway, i do possess exclusive access to the unvarnished truth about the world
wellcome to the world of femininity mate! ^_^&&newline<kevin> see? even sailor luna welcomes you! ^_^
what about porn by independent sex workers (an example would be fullten). your not a swerf right?
what actual problems are solved by preventing me from paying a self-employed woman $1,000 for sex? what are you fixing?
what can i say, i just love the feel of my fingertips against my buttcrackk
what does 'you have the liability' even mean
what does the nipple stim program involve, exactly? master already has me trained to be able to orgasm from nipple play, or face slapping, but there's always room for more intensity/frequency/sensitivity
what i really want is left-authoritarian form with right-individualist content, so hierarchy predicated on individual formation
what if those american christians actually read the bible and found out that the new testament is full of warnings about the jew
what is this crypto-transmedicalist venom and why is it all over my dash suddenly
what makes trans ladys who bind so powerful is that our existence is against the normal rules and against the special rules that are supposed to replace the normal rules
what really cracks me up is i can kill 99% of the people who talk shit on the web with my bare hands if the ever met me irl. i lift weights everyday, do all kinds of martial arts training, can use nunchaku and turn any object i get my hands on into a deadly weapon and used to be in the army so i have first hand knowledge of just how stupid and incompetent the government really is.
what they say: 'i dont like undertale' what i hear: 'fuck gay rights, trans people, non-binary people, and otherkin'
what women really want is to be hogtied, fitted with a ballgag, with a 12' spindle shoved up the dirtchute all while being beaten on the palms with a riding crop.
what would my pastor think
when i was 16 and i posted the livejournal of this girl from my school and was making fun of it, he registered a new livejournal, then commented on her blog asking if she knew me and in doing that literally mentioned me by my real name&&newline<kevin> i could have gotten the shit beat out of me because of that
when done right, capitalism is the only economic system that makes sense.
when i did e-rp as a young teen i used to get super mad when people conflated dominant/submissive and top/bottom. ive always chosen my battles fantastically
when i didnt post for six months i namesearched and someone said my name every day. it was mostly jewish posters.
when i found out about cloacas i immediately wish i had one instead of this useless asshole
when i got older and continued to soak in testosterone, i discovered bondage. i really liked tied-up women, and the idea of tying them up. except i also wanted tobe tied up. but i found the idea of being a male sub really off-putting.
when i masturbated i kind of didn't want to touch my dick so i'd just lie on my belly and scrunch up and down until i came. or however i thought of it then. i had this pretty vague but really strong notion that i was doing it embarrassingly or dangerously wrong, and that i really needed to make myself do it normally. this continued to be a theme.
when i see a picture of a big well made pizza i get a big boner and my cheeks flush and all i can think about is having sex with a hot babe, with big boobs and a good well shaped butt, and shes into it and wants me. but if i see a picture of a really hot babe with her butt out like shes horny and wants to fuck, my stomach starts grumbling and i pull up the papa johns app and order myself a medium pizza with mushrooms, bacon, a
when i talk about cyborgs, when i talk about ecofeminism, they feel like natural extensions of each other.
when i was around 11 or possibly 12 the episode where bulma and vegeta begin their relationship was broadcast in my country. i immediately sunk in a deep deep depression. the first time i had been betrayed by a woman. not just any woman. the woman of my dreams.
when i was younger i had a really bad fear of danny devito when i was going to sleep so my older brother gave me a watch that he set to like 8 hours ahead so that it was always daytime on the watch when i was asleep and he told me it would confuse danny devito and he would think it was daytime and get scared of the sun and leave me alon
when i worked in a pool store over the summer w/ some friends a guy figured out that if u fold a damp towel a certain way it attains the perfect size and heft of a arbys marketfresh sandwich, and wed spend our free moments with our eyes closed pretending to be holding sandwiches
when transgender people are accepted and taken seriously, ill start to consider accepting otherkin just so theyll shut the fuck up about their oppression
when twefs come onto our blogs and see those posts we create about how we hate gender, how its oppressive, how no-one should be assigned a sex at birth, how gender is a system of violence, does their brain just like short-circuit and it doesnt register at all?
when we accept transition as the path our lives will follow, when we reject cisness, our junks lose their status as seats of male social power that they held (or that society was willing to extend to us)
when will the united states let me delete my gender? what about internet radio stations? stop giving me ads tailored to corporate misogyny and/or loud aggressive power fantasy. neither of those is my gender.
when women argue about something abstract, theyre almost never arguing for their world view over another one like men do, theyre either trying to get a reaction or make you think better of them or make you like them. thats why women on the internet is so lol
when you're tropical fish kin and youre in a warm body of water and you want to stay in it forever but people are near and you dont want to seem weird
where r y from. ching chong ?
wheres an im gay equivalent i can use abt my boycrushes
white people think murder is wrong. do you think the chinese share your morals? where will people like you be once all the whites are dead?
white punk is just a middle class fetishization of radical political issues for the same reason that white mainstream cool adopts elements of black culture. police brutality and state repression arent legitimate concerns of white punks; theyre memes, simple as that, and no one should mistake that for political sincerity
white wiccans: you know how jewish people, people indigenous to africa + the americas, non-compliant women, and disabled people were persecuted and killed under the guise of purging witches? that was about me, that was about white wiccans. centuries-old caricatures of jewish people are about us too. this is witchism. my culture is not a costume
white, genderfluid(?) piece of anti-racist feminist trash // they, them, their
who among the tumblr left do you think is most likely to be a secret cointelpro operative
who knows, bpa might be what's making all the kids fucking gay and insufferable
who says dogs don't feel the pain of rejection? you know who says that, stupid scientist who deny god or people who deny god. mostly atheists and scientist.
who wants to help me beat up some terfs
who wouldnt want to live in a socially constructed sexual utopia? imo people are waking up
why am i followed by market anarchists and libertarians. i am an evil anti-humanist totalitarian commie, theres nothing here for you
why are there no decent bible apps for windows 8&&newline<kevin> i mean honestly now
why did she have to say†sir literally every 5 seconds though i never even got that shit when i was still a dude and not even trying 2 do girlvoice
why do christian church leaders advocate man/woman marriage but jesus christ was not married?
why do people immediately think anti-capitalist mean pro-communism
why do terfs act like showing minors sexually charged images(surprise vaginas are sex organs you weirdos) is ok
why do the arab/persian/armenian girls have this bitchy princess aesthetic on tumblr? being a brat isn't cute. being a snob isn't cute. get off your high horse and go wax your back.
why dont we let kids choose their own names
why is it acceptable for chewbacca to be naked all the time
why is it bad when people say 'that boob haver feel' or 'that uterus haver feel'?
why wont this slut talk to me or maintain eye contact
wished i could be a combination of all three of these types, but the card said i could be only one. so after carefully weighing my options, i settled on becoming a twink.
woah i used to think otherkin was stupid and fake too, and i'm kin w so many things now haha
women consider anything below about 5' 10' to be totally unacceptable, regardless of their own size from what i've seen ;)
women have only oppressed themselves but we should make them fear us
women talk a lot cause they dont think in precise ideas but more general feelings and it takes a while (or never) to figure out what thought is in them. education forces people to think in precise ways which is why women like school so much, its like a stand-in male influence
women use their 'erotic capital' to 'manipulate' men
would you fucking rather caitlyn jenner to name her self fucking jannet or maurine or some ancient shit like that?? not that theyre bad names but she picked a name she felt is right what the fuck is wrong with you you gaping anal cavity
would you put on me a diaper in us me in my bed at home in falun
wow  what kind of drugs are you on you dumb ass. if you even tried to get your foot anywhere near me you would be missing it  i guarantee it  you should take the bass outa your tone old man cause you dont know who your talking too?
ww2 was real fucked up and tons of cool people died but at the end of the day poland came out of it essentially returned to its medieval borders whole but for kaliningrad and like a 100% pure of jews ethnostate
you fufckgn asshoel i juts spit my latte on my tablet f uck touoyu jesus christ
yawn is them crawling all up on me with a boner every time they see me disgusting because consent in my book is when someone is begging you to touch them- which is what happens every time bc teasing is a kink of mine
yeah cuz youre dumb as shit
yeah i actually like that. cis is internalizing that there is something fundamental to your gender assigned at birth. trans is failing, for whatever reason, to internalize that.
yeah i only ever sit down to pee and compulsively avoid urinals if i can help it, so what? i just prefer the privacy of a stall and im not gonna like stand up at a toilet thatd be ridiculous. its not weird that it upsets me a lot when im stuck peeing standing up
yes i wear diapers under all my outfits except for my ballerina outfits :) hugs
yes! yes its awful!! it also reinforces the idea that transness is this exclusive thing defined by a strict set of criteria and that is incorrect! transness is expansive and loving and welcoming and beautiful, and its more powerful than those cowards. we will sweep them away in the course of our lives and our loves
yes, asians are very traditional and have good manners. what comes to those less civilized races, which you can't mention out loud, it's whole different story.?
yes, some of you all think it's childish and ridiculous to not want to wear a diaper
yes. me, a demigirl nonbinary,
yet another gun free zone&&newline<kevin> completely boggles the mind, why would someone shoot up a place where no one will shoot back???
yoshi confirmed trans girl
you are not hurting anyone or taking focus away from those who are real because real is a fake idea. you dont even need gender dysphoria to stop being a dude! if you hate men and you hate the role you are expected to play and the way you are expected to treat others (especially women and non-men) as someone society expects to be male, you can just stop.
you can die too along with this piece of filth : ^ )
you can see the earth is flat, you can feel the earth is stationary, but according to the gospel of modern astronomy, you are wrong and a simpleton worthy of endless ridicule if you dare to trust your own eyes and experience.
you can stomach dating a transwoman with a history of mental health issues. if you can go through a three-hour punk show without saying any homophobic, transphobic, racist, or ableist. if you can support me in the event i get arrested/incarcerated/involuntarily hospitalized.
you do not care about trans women lets not pretend. you can get gutted too ugly bitch
you do realise i knew you were shady and was basically just playing up to the 'god complex' that people on the board seemed to believe i have, right?
you do realise that jews have been hunted and killed and enslaved since the beginning of time and you don't see them making a big deal about it. the difference between most jewish people and most black people: the jews are humble
you do realize that there are intersex women who have penile and uterine tissue. and intersex women who have ovotestis. and intersex women with prostates. and that the having of a penis or any other 'male' organ does not actually indicate that a person is a man.
you fool dont you understand that all subjects are constituted by and through power? your iron throne is meaningless to me. i am not afraid of your institutions of discipline and punishment. my body is discourse. you cannot harm me.
you grabbed my hand and we fell into it like a daydream or a fever. we woke up one morning and fell a little further down; for sure it's the valley of death. i open up my wallet and it's full of blood.
you guys are making it really hard for me to continue to like ducky dynasty by ignoring racist grandpa
you have no fucking right to be saying this at all. you are being such a hypocrite. you, right now, are oppressing demisexuality. if you dont like people judging gays and lesbians, than what fucking right do you have to be judging anyone, especially demisexuals, for that matter.
you keep saying 'you jerk off to lolis' in new ways, as though this will epically own me or something. do you think i am at all ashamed?
you know what fuck you guys i may be a boy but i will wear my lolita, look at japanese fashion magazines, and do my face massages i will be kawaii and no one can stop me
you know what? i feel sorry for you. you must be incredibly close minded to not hang out with someone just because they smoke. smoking is a way of life for me, it makes me feel alive and stops me cutting. shame on you for shaming people who smoke, you are the worse.
you know what? no. that was basically me! i was perfectly content with how my junk worked and what it did pre-transition (with a notable exception of pretty much always wanting my balls murdered because balls are gross, still working on that one), and it wasnt necessarily a priority for me. in fact, if you keep it relatively active, it doesnt always change much in functionality.
you may want to filter: #drugs tag, #nudity, #porn, #hentai, #render porn, #mind control, #gif, #self harm, #sharp things, #gore (also split into #cuts, #blood, #entrails), #bdsm, #choking, #fisting, #bugs, #worms, #moths, #food, #self
you might have noticed that acceptability doesnt cover up the weird exhilaration of shame-arousal that comes with every time you do it, and doesnt make you feel normal or part of things or included.
you openly state your plans to murder trans-women in bathrooms
you realise that eve/autogenephile raped another trans woman and by misgendering her your misgendering the victim as well??
you should know i was where you are and im happier with my life now than ive ever been. manhood will only ever be ashes in your mouth, and one of these days youre going to figure out you can just stop pretending to like how ash tastes
you should know your gross sexual obsession with trans women (which youve let slip again and again in literally every project or persona you do) is a way of sublimating anxieties about your own gender and sex into something acceptable to cis dudes.
you sit on the couch rubbing your belly and thinking how it would be to have a balloon belly, then you say i'm going to make my belly into a balloon you find the pump insert the hose and then start inflating, when your belly starts getting bigger and rounder you say, oh my god i've turned my belly into a big balloon, i wonder how big it can get. when you start feeling full you measure your belly to see if it is bigger
you sound fucking stupid. you grow up and realize that for everyone to be happy, everybody should mind their own goddamned business. dont act as if you spoke up for anyone in the first place, nobody believes this except you. demisexuals have just a valid sexuality as anyone and you do not have any say. so piss the fuck off. suck on a spoon or something bye.
you stupid ant i am trying to be helpfull and all you have is bitterness for my post i have plenty of maturity and know so much about the dark arts to leave you shaking so dont piss me off i havent slept in two days and am at the end of my rope so try to be nicer and ill considder take you off my block list
you think slipping your pisser into some chick's stinking pisshole is better than watching a show as well made and mature as my little pony
you thought you feared the down with cis bus but wait until i break out the die cis scum tank platoon
you using the words in this way mean that you are implying that female = person with vagina which is incredibly transmisogynistic. if you want to talk about anatomy, just say you have a vagina. dont use female as a synonym for someone who is afab because not all people with vaginas are female & not all females have vaginas? you, as a trans person, are still cissexist & transmisogynist, albeit misguided
you will be a zionist one day.
you're not really dedicated to running this blog anymore you used to post such quality literature and theory
your feminism should prioritise trans women. queer women. woc. disabled women. poor women. intersex women. fat women. and all of the different ways those identities intersect. because throughout history they have never been a priority for anyone else
your radical feminism bullshit doesnt sit well with me; your dismissal of genderfluid folks experiences doesnt sit well with me. your transmisogyny doesnt sit well with me, either. id probably find more, but ive stopped reading your blog after your faq and about ten pages. obviously youre entitled to your own opinions and ive no wish to start a fight here, im merely uncomfortable with my content being reblogged by you
youre asking why im a lesbian? well thats because this lifetime in this specific instance im obviously harvesting the good karma from an action that i sewed in a past life :-) whether or not that accepts innate sexuality theories or social constructionism theories is beyond me, and frankly i dont care to parse the difference out
youll pry my fucked up sibling incest ships from my cold dead fingers
~ hetalia taught me that history is important, and that we must look back to look forwards
~called in to work today because im a fuckin wreck but at least my sox are cute~
the company who make this wallet are called gametee and they are a well-established company who make bespoke fucking gaming merch
every single trans person who ever disagreed with me or objected to my weird grosss patronization is a fake trans - an overwhelming amount of ppl on this rly bad website
i hate mogai tumblr is literally just a less anti sj sounding way of saying i hate special snowflakes but it means the exact same thing like..
 i can only achieve orgasm defecating in a diaper, jason*, my college boyfriend, said as he sat on my dorm room bed.
:3c as praxis
attempting? hes done it. were under a socialist regime. &&newline<kevin> obama is a dictator.
can you just go cis somewhere else?
do you want me to pin you up against this wall and fuck you till youre screaming my name? is just basically dirty talk.
i want what i want, when i want it will be the theme of the food-and-beverage world in 2015, with customization-crazed millennials  or the demand generation  driving most of the upcoming trends.
men are such self centered pigs men are lazy slobs lol sure whoop equality. who the fuck are you? im gonna make this short: feminism is for the equality of both genders and not stuck-up feminazis like you.
thats not what it is, he blurted out. i knew i had picked the right one. rushing through my head was something like: be open-minded oh god he touches children im dating a pedophile let him explain
we have to help them innovate and do what it takes to save the environment  and to be healthier, ryan said of chefs and operators.
what is it? i said with the calmest voice i could find. he took the computer from me and pulled up a website. we sat in silence as i read over every last word. it talked about adults dressing up like babies. some liked to look at pictures of people in diapers, some hired nannies to babysit them, and some defecated in diapers. this was a lot of information to take in.
you look at who in diapers? men, women? i remember hoping he was gay, and this was a big misdirection before coming out.&&newline<kevin> both, its not about the person. its about the diaper.
you want to be a baby? i finally said.&&newline<kevin> no, thats ridiculous. i just like shitting in diapers and looking at people wearing them. its very different. people who want to be babies are weirdos, he said.
youre whatever you want to be is cissexist condescension.
coming out is a construction of the so-called west which privileges professed identities over those kept unprofessed for valid reasons
dont make trans identities into a fashion trend!&&newline<kevin> okay&&newline<kevin> lets keep peer-pressuring kids into suppressing their identities and conforming to cis-centric expectations instead of exploring the full spectrum of gender identity.
trans people isnt a useful term because it implies trans women and trans men have any experiences in common i thought we understood this already come on, do better
literally cannot believe that you posted this with a straight face. after what japan did in china and all over the south pacific during wwii, you have the nerve to call the nuking of hiroshima and nagasaki barbaric?
i've frequently seen people attribute absurd hyperbole to me because they couldn't engage with what i actually said. fuck off.
is a subjective nonsense that is pretty much completely irrelevant. in a democratic society with free and fair elections, if something is legal, it cannot by definition be wrong. if something is illegal, then by definition, it must be wrong. the law is the only legitimate force that distinguishes right from wrong.
sick, twisted, evil son of a bitch? or just dead eyed and love starved? when they take from you the only thing that matters, can you continue to live? when they extinguish the light of your life, is it worth it to keep breathing? is it worth it to hope that the light will return? or shall you resign yourself to live in darkness once again and forevermore? this emptiness burns your insides like a corrosive acid. how much more
would love to talk in explicit detail about the most traumatic experiences of my life but unfortunately i am halfway through click and my attention is divided
ten years in and we bone like we're cheating on each other with each other. a decade-plus and her clit/brown/taint-area still powns my dick.
english major/junior in college communist/anti-capitalist jewish lesbian demigirl†(non-mutuals please use they/them, mutuals can use she/her) mentally ill (ocd, bpd, anxiety, depression, and bipolar ii) extremely dedicated stoner
i've never tried sushi ever. then i saw this news about a chinese man who  ate too much sushi his whole body was infested with worms. just thinking  about it makes me cringe. that's why i'm more afraid than ever to try  this delicacy. ?
even a very comfortable girdle will improve a woman's posture, helping her to stand and sit straighter (this may account, to some extent, for the improvement in alertness). a woman wearing a girdle will walk and sit with a charming, careful grace that is distinct from the impressions produced by ungirdled informality. in addition to the pleasant tactile feeling of a girdle, many women enjoy the 'vintage' feeling, the sense of dressing and moving
'in glendalogh there lived an auld saint, renowned for his learning and piety, his manners were curious and quaint and he looked upon girls with disparity.'
oil rig hand job by rhode island ron
'i'm busy doing cooler shit and joining the occult, what are they doing?' is one of the best meltdown lines ive ever seen. all because of a diaper pic
'tim wise is the epitome of what white hashtag liberal hashtag racism looks like in america. aitch tee tee pee colon slash slash arr vee jay gee pee dee el eff cee eight. at bee el kay agenda report. at teach fora america.' -me performing at the next rebel girl weird twitter meetup in williamsburg, ny
'vice news is good. im going to rip off your head and shit down your neck' the lf vent room starts freaking out 'the dprk is bad. ive got balls of steel' everyone's crying
'king of the beach...yeah' *reads some shit about when bombing civilian centers is effective or whatever* 'your never gonna stop me, king of the beach' *reads some more crap about mossadegh peeing his pants like a little baby*
'this is what you do if youre outsie and you dont have a house, probably. its pretty cool, [shits everywhere and frantically tries to wipe it off with rhododendron leaves]' - a young khawaga doing the traditional horney family mating ritual
'im so great....but what if im not good enough for this tarted up yamaha keyboard. what if it breaks me'
*kemper starts banging his fists on his keyboard fter fermata makes fun of his baldness* ahh shit, my website code was open....wait.........this could work.
*spins leg* calling all the basic bitches. calling all the basic bitches. there is a new announcement *whispers* i can't help but think that the whole free trade thing is a big part of the issue here. production moves to wherever it is cheapest, which are places with no protections and minimal wages. maybe a return to some form of protectionism / tariffs would be necessary to prevent this.
.howtells
.tag delete fagbug&&newline<skybot> khawaga: tag added&&newline<khawaga> daeasfbd&&newline<khawaga> .tag khawaga delete fagbug&&newline<skybot> khawaga: tag added&&newline<khawaga> noprgteds
.tell cevin nice article http://www.tabletmag.com/jewish-news-and-politics/180382/students-justice-palestine#undefined&&newline<cevin> i actually agree with this
.tell poop https://www.facebook.com/buzzlamp?ft[tn]=kc&ft[qid]=5989652643503760120&ft[mf_story_key]=-4634774139522435757&ft[ei]=aqlwtn-8esjr6sphqhq9zhxs7vqskjhvzl8iffvoyo2m1u4p-rcsju82xjkgbpckifwkdie8a6mvvnl3ftipo5y4ebz6mbecatpt4xrjudvgdvvhwgg8dq2dpzkbiyrx3hxwdfm3mbxu9bk3frg5pmey5vs-zajbrhnqp5p0ccim5z0sx9ga91qodgk_5efnik8pmvmafmigjhfn_a5umucimoh6g67y-75l-r_kt5maxscfn_ta8divd8npwj1iex75p_oqo-q4qe0
23. ze/zim/zir. interdimensional slime wytch from hampshire, ma. currently knawing on whats left of my trans polywife's legbone. we are so so hungry. we are so cold. please send help
341 things you need to accept as a male feminist ally: jacob begat judah. judah begat pharez. pharez begat hezron. hezron begat aram. aram begat amminadab. amminadab begat nahshon. nahshon begat salmon. salmon begat boaz. boaz begat obed. obed begat jesse. jesse bega
<&poop> that picture of the man with micropenis, hypogonadism and gynecomastia is gone from wikipedia&&newline<&khawaga> why doint you tke another one. hahahahaa
<bonclay> dream come true. dream come true. youre my punk rock dream come true. fuck me silent. black and blue. i would die to stay with you.&&newline<khawaga> pee pee poo. pee pee poo. youre my pee pee pee pee poo. fuck pee pee pee. pee pee poo. i would pee pee pee pee poo
<bonclay> t people when my friend was trying to buy pokemon cards or w/e&&newline<bonclay> love to have a retard come in and yell at people who are trying to buy from my store and tolerate it for way too long
<kevin> if i didnt know that getting near khawaga would put my balls at risk boy would he be sorry!
<~chairman> https://pbs.twimg.com/media/buc_sfbiyaeurhy.png:large&&newline<khawaga> lmao!!! white ppl stay.... oh. oh jesus
??? that's the entire fucking point of public radio--no (company) controlling anybody else.
a century is gone, chris-chan is 32 now, and no longer a mess, but that post about video games that doesnt qualify as asexual so can really certain improve your love of himiko, who totally doesn't have to deal with
a giant fuckoff bacon mother fucking railgun for the clit/bron/taintarea-pwning mother fucking win.
a man is exiting a p.f. chng's chinese restaurant accompanied by two armed security guards. a speech bubble saying 'more like donld krump' can be seen above his head.
a philip glass piece where the singers sing six nine four two zero repeatedly
a philip glass piece where the singers sing six nine four two zero repeatedly and a kind-voiced man reads the words to the byob reggae over top of it
ataturk is a motherfucker he is animal, no way i am not calling him animal,because animal is very kindly! he? was gay! hahahaha.
adolf hitler's most yolo moments&&newline<samog> lmao... everyones jealous they dont have hitlers swag&&newline<samog> five badass nazi war heroes you didn't learn about in school&&newline<turdwarlock> we asked our readers: what if grumpy cat was locked up in auschwitz? here are the top ten photoshops&&newline<turdwarlock> the top 6 million things the nazis did&&newline<chairman> 8 fucked-up things 'they' don't want you to know about anne frank
anime 1488. anime
ayn randi will give 1 million dollars to anyone who can prove that socialism works. the prize is still up for grabs ;)
beyond 'walla walla walmart:' the articulation of power in cwcville discourse
billy o'regan hippie liam!&&newline<khawaga> may 12 at 11:59am via mobile&&newline<khawaga> liam o'brien i hate hippies&&newline<khawaga> may 12 at 11:59am&&newline<khawaga> liam o'brien self indulgent baby boomer shitheads, great job they did us, right?&&newline<khawaga> may 12 at 11:59am&&newline<khawaga> misty speight stop being so negative&&newline<khawaga> may 12 at 12:02pm
can i poo my pants at the poopingg&&newline<khawaga> it sounds like someone making a surrealist joke by combining random words, but its dead serious, and its hell. weed hitler. 69. can i poo my pants at the pooping
can you poo your pants at the pooping? seriously? *points sternly at the faqs in the bicentennial pan-american pooping jamboree brochure*
carlos of mercia rides into battle on his north pony, breaking the combined forces of the teachers, parents and welshmen and sending them scattering into the cambrian hills
catie catie / yes mama / eating feces? / no mama / telling lies? / no mama / open your mouth / ha ha ha!
catie cunt drops his stolen khakis in front of a police officer, revealing a soiled adult diaper thats slowly been rotting for the past 2 weeks http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ag1o3kotlwm&&newline<skybot> khawaga: curb your enthusiasm theme - length 1m 8s - rated 4.97/5.0 (1226) - 270,685 views - noobert6 on 2009.04.09
celibacy rules, dude..... [skateboards down ramp] im horny for the lord now
cool fabio hair? (link to ikarti picture)&&newline<khawaga> yuck! i am grossed out by this picture!&&newline<khawaga> no!&&newline<khawaga> i have considered it.&&newline<khawaga> i have it!
entire race of kurd make me 'viscerellaly uncomfort' with stink smell, hair, lying mouth, and shrill voice of goat
everyone should know that drinking tasks are like military laws. let no one defy them.
for this week, monday 4/1 at 9 p.m., we'll be switching gears a little bit and talking about marxist literary theory and its implications to 'the revolution'. read the first chapter of leon trotsky's literature and revolution, found here http://www.marxists.org/archive/trotsky/1924/lit_revo/ch01.htm
hambubger&&newline<khawaga> the hambubg empire
harald comrada
harlem shake origianl yoachy sexy new bedford warehouse version
hashtag good eats. hashtag nice hair. hashtag cover of a romance novel. hashtag i have an erection - liam obrean chwecking himself out in the mirror, getting ready for his day at nsi oy
having friends that you talk to face to face. this is the first form of liberalism
homo wahlheimeinsis is known for its reliance on fecal matter and low-hanging fruit.
hot dish on the tip of my lips
huge huge liquidation!! all kulaks must go!!!
i absolutely love flying to space, but i hate fucking&&newline<grifty> im the opposite so you do all the flying. i will fuck&&newline<inkwell> i like both flying and fucking. perferably at the same tiem&&newline<khawaga> grifty and i will team up; ill fly, and he'll fuck. inkwell will do the flying and fucking on his own. ill fly grifty to space so he can fuck inkwell, who is flying, but fucking too
i always thought i was libertarian. then after a few surveys and research made me realize i'm more of a classic liberal. libertarians seem like grown up anarchists once i found out more about it.
i am a fratdaddy. i live in a frat house. i go to frat parties. i fight. i especially like to fight gdis. i think if gdis were cool that they would have pledged a frat in the first place. i know that gdis are jealous of my social life. i believe that i am more fun and can party harder than any gdi. i am exclusive. i run dances. i am the brains behind spring...
i am in grandad clothes / i look like i am old
i had the sword on that anvil. i was standing over there by that window and i was wailing on the sword like there's no tomorrow. aight? and i reforged notung. and it felt wonderful. it was good. but the gnome turned psycho.
i learned about it in econ 101. this is the future, cyberwar. bless you soapy for causing me to think of it!
i live in a suburban minimall hellworld and can only derive pleasure from pop culture and midrange chain restaurant food. please pretend like i have an alternative sexuality. love to go down to hte panera bread© and talk about my lack of sex drive© with the other fairfax whoovians©
i love to stimulate my erection to make the cum juice come out
i mean. im talking about pampers.
i want to be 'cummed on' by lord jesus. bahahahah! i cant believe i just said that
i was having a wank to me lad magazine but i chundered all over the bird's knockers
i went to big lots yesterday and the whole time the phrase 'i bought my pussy at big lots' kept running through my head&&newline<khawaga> i started trying to rationalize how you could buy a pussy at big lots. would it be an actual overstocked pussy with dents in it and stuff. or would it be an mtf operation on the cheap. i was leaning more toward the idea of a big crate of cheap pussys you can get for like $1.99&&newline<khawaga> at these prices, you cant
i would absolutely love it if you would respond to this because, even as an amateur austrian economist i feel supremely confident that i can point out the faulty logic in jsut about everything you've posted on this page.
i would just like to say i am thoroughly disgusted by the immature bullying going on on the overheard at william and mary page right now. i am embarrassed to call some of these people my classmates. their actions are tantamount to flinging excrement at people for the purpose of amusement and i cannot believe that these clowns are or soon will be passing for adult members of society.
i'm wearing an nsi t-shirt and flower socks. my head is bald but there is some hair at the back. i like red, cars and rightbloc. --jussi, age 30
id hate to be chris when his hormones kicked in after taking drugs to make him a sexy woman from a company called abbadon, but i was.
im a 'nincompoop,' by which i mean im a turd log splattered with andreu nin's semen
im definitely extremely *not* orientalist. so dont say i am. but let me tell you about my journey from the land of the rising sun, whose inscruitable inhabitants squinted at me from behind their surgical masks, to the slums of untamed papua new guinea, whose people have lived in exactly the same way--unchanging--for 10,000 years
im drinking weewee from the toilet&&newline<acoustickitty> same but
im eating some chili and i clicked on a twitpic of one of mike moultons dirty diapers by accident. cool
im fucking and jerking off
im helping launch the november security securities and investments division. we're an irc-based investment bank specializing in irc related funds. ouya securities, bitcoin, salt commodity trading. get on board while you still can
im literally taking a poop while looking at another mans poop. this is it&&newline<khawaga> ive made it. the big leagues
im on the sunscreen diet. i see sun, i screen it!!!!!
im praying to god to grow breasts so i can chop them off
im slicing off bits of my own ass like shawarma
im the cat man. scoobadoobadoo oop. a doopadoopadoo oop&&newline<chairman>  catman et al fashioning themselves as the true heirs of femininity that afab women are squandering and ftm men are gleefully destroying
it's written up quite compellingly in the book the road to serfdom, which is sorta the libertarian equivalent of an expanded communist manifesto.
jussi jussi liam liam steven steven denver
jussi jussi yes papa / excite to acts of terrorism? no papa / telling lies? no papa / just shave your head ha ha ha
kazakhstani trees bear a strange fruit / jews down the well and jews at the root / jew bodies swinging in the kazakhstani breeze / jagshemesh very nice more wine please
kemper bald is sharting propecia 'jesus christ this kids on fire!!!!!!!!' theres no difference between my pussy and my ass 'oh my lord hes done it again!!!!!!'
kemper's game
liam, jussi, steven......which rightbloc poster are you?&&newline<fermata> hair club for men? i've done it! (1)&&newline<goldenliontamarin> are you often mistaken for fabio?
libtarein party. were not insane
maarak i know thats sad, but theres a wonderful article by matt yglesias i think you should read,&&newline<maarak> got the link handy
mmmm.....an irony free life......thats the life me likes *never reads shakespear or greek tragedies* &&newline<khawaga> shakespeare
my ass is swallowing up my own pussy
my mom home-circumcismed me. every 3 years i get a re-up&&newline<bonclay> you shouldnt circumcise because it will just grow back thicker next time&&newline<bonclay> leading cause of phimosis right there
my pussy is resplendent. my pussy is wreathed in flame&&newline<goldenliontamarin> my pussy has become engorged. i expect to give birth to a new brood soon&&newline<khawaga> the heavenly host is bursting forth from my pussy&&newline<goldenliontamarin> kevin has his head buried between my legs and my pussy is swelling to unseen proportions
neithsrs your poosting!!! bam!!!!! bazinga
no one will ever know what new products, processes, machines, and cost-saving mergers failed to come into existence, killed by the sherman act before they were born.
not reveling in wanton bloodshed solely for the reason that it makes other people suffer. this is another type of liberalism.
outside powers haven't had much affect since wwii, at least in sub-sarah africa. but, since they have no natural resources or strategic value, they've been left on own for better or worse, for the most part.
pit viper&&newline<khawaga> being an accomplished artist, chuck began painting the pv's to match his extreme lifestyle and they looked damn good.&&newline<khawaga> i always paint my posessions to match my extreme lifestyle
rebuilt from the ground-up? queering the boyfriend-free girl
rite of fedoras&&newline<khawaga> they wouldnt een have to change the plot lol, just change the virgins gender
salt and otato. i cant even
say shaun smith, bernie. #sayhisname
terfy hooves. did i say that already&&newline<khawaga> terfy hooves
terrorist group evades prism - leader jsoh 'incomprehensible idiot who doesn't know how to type'
the 88 on my neck? hahahah, nah, thats not an aryan brotherhood tat. see tehres this guy called mike moulton
the dukes of moral hazzard *two dudes in suits jump over a squatters camp in a car emblazoned with the economist logo*
the good dominicana&&newline<khawaga> [in goofus and gallant voice] the good dominicana organizes direct action to combat racism. the bad dominicana writes indecipherable micro-blog posts about the minutiae of racial hierarchy
the koran (stylized as ko?an)
the tane meme turned me gay, the tane meme made me an anarchist, the tane meme made me drop out of school. cant wait to see what the tane meme has in sotre for me next
there once was a moron named cevin / who obsessed over getting to heaven / i paid him a call / and chopped off his balls / with a meat cleaver used as a weapon
think im a dumb hypocritical retard and ive got no right to be criticizing other peoples kickstarters due to raising 2.5k for my friends cyberpunk theater collective? deal with it, asshole
third eye bbwind
this holiday season. jussi martilla is..... bald santa
throwing gender down the well: trans*gressive modes of resistance in sacha baron cohen's borat (2006)
total quality management. now thats the management me likes
vaginaman peepee
vote right bloc for president. they wont have the stupid bullshit pc which says i cant make dead baby jokes and is basically censorship. i dont give a shit about 'tact' and if aunt lorraine cant get over her miscarriage she needs to harden the fuck up. who hte hell is she or the government to tell me whati cant say. ill make the buttons
whats the difference between a dead baby and my asshole. io stick dead babys up my asshole. sritacha m8
while you live, shine / don't suffer anything at all / your balls will only exist a short while / and khawaga demands his toll - my ode to kevin
wuh wuh wump wump. wuh wuh wump wump *begins hooting* mackelmore
your the man now.....doge
your'e right self determination can't fail it can only be failed. fuck off your proposed policy doesn't work and you know it.
[10 years from now] i love posting twisted shit on facebook and yikyak. its all really weird stuff about pussies and dogfood, or this one picture of a man throwing up. i spell it 'throughing.' thats just how sick and ironic my sense of humor is
[22:20:54]&&newline<khawaga> 'its been a really really messed up week' *im screaming while i strum really fast on a banjolin* 'seven days of torture, seven days of bitter' *my genderfluid roommate ahhryah is fucked up on bumwine and going hogwild on a washboard*
[arrives at store in a gelatinous form like a baws}]&&newline<odd> when are you not in a gelatinous form&&newline<khawaga> when i become a meat-like loaf, after being cooked
[balegdehs without mirth]
[holds up color swatches] hmmm........clit brown? or taint area?
[in macklemore voice] i drink my grandson's pee / i think its good for me
[in tumblers better than pumpers voice] raightning better than fluo
[in weary voice] vore is hell.
[says peepee potty, but in a chill way, a cool way, that's funny but doesn't insist on itself so people know im doing irony] peepee potty
[shoots up indie dev studio] eron gjoni has been avenged
[smells some cream] smells like creamb
a dude tried to do irony on me at a bar so i told him i was diapered and needed changing
aaahahahah lmao http://theoatmeal.com/&&newline<http://theoatmeal.com/comics/what_you_see>
actually, quinoa is good. i love it so much that i went to a permaculture farm in south america to learn how to grow it, and also to evade batman spoilers
add hi, my doctor said to call you and tell you im gay and full of fail. im gay and im joining the fail army. i hope all the other recruits fuck me and give me aids and make me eat turds from the toilet, because i like it. anyway, i had a great time on thursday and was wondering if you wanted to hang out again this weekend
add my good quotes to the damn quotebot. fermatas not here
aegrhyjhtw4rth5wrgthe5yth&&newline<khawaga> this was on ikartis favebook&&newline<khawaga> brenda ashley maucher you look fab. where can i get your wig?&&newline<khawaga> thursday at 2:05pm via mobile
alex fell off the ladder,,..... he was trying to reac hpuperty
all i can think about when i hear the rebel yell is the amazing atheist pouring hot oil on his bloaty pig balls
and now we have eliot higgins, or as you may know him 'brown moses,' to tel us more about his online investigative journalism. assalamu aleikum, ya eliot. [brown moses starts sweating visibly]
anyone else itc think hitler..... was actually kinda cool??
bring it in guys!!! *shadow joel, psycho josh, and gamemaster anthony come in with everything for a huge meta-reference*
calling all the basic bitches. calling all the basic bitches *looks around awkwardly, stops* nm, go tit
chairman was nice to kevin. i constantly told him i was going to hunt him like an animal and geld him
chewie's tight pink asshole
christ. its messed up how many people speak albanian
chuck mangione hiding out as a tumblr posters headmate
currently playing: middle kingdom in shambles
damn manning a checkpoint looks fun. you get to yell at random arabs for trying to go to the hospital
enough of this 'police brutality' jib jab..... im comin for your balls !!!!!! >:-d
eragsehjntehe&&newline<khawaga> all the people who post on this site are so funny&&newline<khawaga> the guy with the bono avatar and the bono text tells someone to go back to reddit when someone makes fun of bono
every time i think about mark driscoll i think about him exorcising hte horny demons from married couples. and i laugh&&newline<khawaga> evangelical guy fieri laying hands on some poor woman to release her from posession by the horny devil himself
fighting neoliberalism.....whith  neoliberalism?? ive got a company based in finland id like you to know about...
gop unveils their new motto: one world one x! no iran no sex!
hank chastises bobby for cultural appropriation
hank hill
hank hill infowars
hank hill is the lei feng of america
having toddlers do fights and putting it on worldstar teaches them a valuable lesson about force a means of control and the reification of hegemonic ideology through the masses' self inflicted violence
he lives in charlottesville and i asked if he ever went to the game place, as a joke. and he said 'yeah i did when i was younger.' and i asked him if he knew someone named christian weston chandler and he was like 'yeah he was this weird guy who used to go there. how do you know him'&&newline<khawaga> hes into internet irony so i thought hed know cwc from online. but i dont think he knew the cwc saga was a thing. hewas just some weirdo who helled a
he might legitimately be mentally ill. christ -homero- fermata said 5 hours, 5 minutes ago in #lf: http://i.imgur.com/9s3qmbe.jpg
hm. execute libertarians
homo wahlheimeinsis, commonly known as 'short man' or 'bad poster,' inhabited the forested mountains around what is now the town of athol, ma.&&newline<goldenliontamarin> noooooooooo
http://gifsound.com/?gif=imgur.com/t5xnpbw.jpg&v=jrgrndv2mkc&s=158
http://pastebin.com/8t1xjpdg
http://rebecca-pink.tumblr.com/post/53998437789/what-are-your-thoughts-on-hegels-theory-of
i ave all of these queued up in my browser but i cant listen to them yet because there are other people in my room. i want them to leave so i can listen to birthday songsabout kevin
i cant think of anyone mpore repugnant than a furry snuff porn watcher whos into vapor wave, named serb&&newline<chairman> i can. i can think of it. (desperately tries to think of something besides 'your posts') uhh, piss disc. pass
i did it all for the smoogie
i didnt realize that ed balls originally tweeted 'ed balls' at 4:20 pm
i dont need a flu shot. theres no way im getting the flu&&newline<khawaga> i have the got dang flu
i dont want to have an identity. i want it imposed upon me, and i want it to be a meme
i got super drunk and started vomiting in my room while my roommate was with some girl. he left to go get some paper towels and apparently i told her i was just really nervous about kevin bacon
i have a heck of a slightly crushed can
i have to research stuff by the cato institute for a paper. i searched 'cuba' and it said 'did you mean: cuts'
i have trouble relating to anything that isnt at least tangentially related to dragon dildoes
i hope they serve beer in hel.... because thats where im ending up for sure ;)
i pooped outside once when i was about 6 and tried to wipe my ass with leaves. it smelled bad and poop got everywhere so i just snuck inside before my parents saw. i was trying to impress a girl
i told my gf about the gross pic and she begged me to tell her it was photoshopped&&newline<grifty> i have a good feeling abt this relationship
i want a gust of wind to blow away my fragile body, my atoms scattering to the wind, until they float and glide and flow around and coalesce and take form, and combine, and grow, until im reborn as a giant stinking recreation of the 'me gusta' meme face
i want to be the moon so catman will fuck me
i want to bury my feet in the earth and stand so still that i become rooted to it, and grow into the soil, and like daphne sprout into a gnarled laurel tree and grow for generations, drawing off of the energy humming in the earth itself, until someone comes along and trims me into the shape of dirtbag dan
i want to go to king richards faire with steven f. vinyl and drink a goblet of mead while hes curling in a ball and saying 'whiteass shit. whiteass shit' over and over again to himself
i was born on september 11, 2001. i fell out of a guard tower
id just like to point out that while youve all been fuckingaround online, ive been doing cool things like joining the occult
id say that was 'instant karma' if it wouldnt be culturally apropriating the legacy of the famous nubian wise man, the buddha
if i actually got a pair of pink womens sweatpants in the mail with 'polyphony' written on the ass i dont know what id do
if i had to join a communist organization it would probably be the turd international, hahaha. or the fourth international, for real
ikarti has sustained serious cranial injuries on assignment in guinea http://i.imgur.com/ux1r8le.jpg
im in http://i.imgur.com/bckbu0u.png
im a cool explosion and nice fast car
im glad she burned the american flag and defaced it with her awful goo slit
im going to hold down a grown man wearing tights and a cloth tunic and staple a diaper to his duck and ass
im lenin except in the cool steampunk alt-universe where hes actually genderqueer and zips around fin de siecle europe on his airship giving people tarot card readings instead of organizing&&newline<maarak> i bet he has a really fancy hat&&newline<khawaga> he does. its extremely whimsical
im my genders studies class students would do this. like completely dismiss anything any feminist did ever. 'as we all know, feminism was racist as fuck'
im so happy my dream of fighting neoliberalism with propecia is finally coming true
im the person who made the decision to go to a public college in williamsburg virginia
im watching 'bronies' on netflix
in 5th grade we had to go to the computer lab to practice computers and one of my friends got really mad at jeeves from ask jeeves because he couldnt tell him how many bricks the great wall of china had
in fallout 4: neo-bedford, retrieve the last diesel generator from beneath the ruins of the new bedford whaling museum -- if you can escape the ghost-white mutants led by a man known only as 'vinyl'
it has literally every member of slim cessnas auto club's autograph on it&&newline<khawaga> except for one of them. who was a bigger bald dude and was standing around with other big bald dudes and i was afraid to ask him to sign it in case i got the wrong one&&newline<jsoh> if i see them live i will get every big bald guy i can to sign a poster, for you
it turns out that there arent a lot of good nirvana/isis puns
it was 'the giver' of goatse fame. i was like 13. i was so hurt and confused&&newline<khawaga> it was one of the most formative events of my online life
its 'smells like mujahideen spirit'
its been a month since ive read stuff like 'fattened by force dot blogspot dot com a little breast bondage dot html.' im glad to be back.
its like night of the long knives if hitler killed strasser for making fun of his hair and getting 5 votes in a municipal election, and then 3/4 of germany moved to switzerland
its messed up that people are happy about gay marriage instead of roaming around in groups smashing car windows and lighting fires, constantly, like some sort of black bloc rat-king
ive been sending glt zoolander quotes for days by text and he has no idea what im talkingabout
ive been stopping and startig whose line is it anypony in 5 secondintervals
ive realized im a bad, naughty boy, and that i shouldnt send gross funny pics to stupid mods
jake and finn team up to stop the ice king from abducting piss licking princess
julia child was actually a nubian queer transwoman of color. they dont eant you to know this
julia child was actually black
king hussein: bismillah arahman arahim. general amer is a failtard.
liu bei has been dead in this show for, literally, 2 years of my life
magellan: killed on his mission to 100% the philippenes
many types of people will have to have their legs blown off. many will want to join us. possibly we'll win the state championship.people will be maimed young but it will be fun. we will burn the corpses of the heores
my arabic is shit
my chemical romance and muse did a double-header type concert at william & mary hall, and all their food was catered by one of the local bars here called the green leafe. however the green leafe is notorious for horrific health code violations. so mcr and muse chowed down on the backstage snacks and started puking and shitting everywhere because the food had given them all food poisoning
my friend mentioned spore at the bar tonight and i yelled at him&&newline<khawaga> they were talking about kerbal space program, and he brought up spore. and i pointed at him and said 'oh fuck you.'
my mom trolled me, and really aqll of you as well, when she gave birth to me 20 years ago
my roommate walked in and asked me
my roommate walked in and asked me if i was watching 'mario porn.' isaid 'basically yes.' he didnt see my screen or anything, he just heard the music and guessed somehow&&newline<maarak> were you?&&newline<khawaga> i was watching the c64 porngames
north dakotans recieve a free chinese restaurant after constructing their first library
please dont steal from convenience stores, snort meth in the bathroom, and then drink wine and huff the whipped cream in the alley
qdb = the arabic root letters for qdoba
she was messing around with my phone once and was trying to send random people text messags from me and saw a text id sent to glt. which was something about puking out some crap and putting the crap back in my ass or something. and she sat there for a second or two and said '..... oh'
smagoi!!!&&newline<khawaga> [thumbs iup]
steven experiencing ego death on he datura weed: 'im takeing a crap.'
talkin bout dangol antiblackness killin it stayin on dat white shit negress black latina brown paper bag man
talmbout melk
thank you, i am waging a protracted peoples war of getting people to watch the show, and im building a base of support with glt. dont tell chiang kai shek ;)
that quote is weird enough now, but i cant imagine how crazy its gonna seem out of context like a month from now! me and my friends are so random&&newline<chairman> *adds 'skills: kinda random, lmao' to resume*&&newline<khawaga> excel skills: proficient. randomness: mastery.&&newline<chairman> languages spoken: english (fluent), monkey cheese (ninja)&&newline<khawaga> other experience: gap year (chipotle)
thats my new weird twitter name. daesh d'souza
the sam khawagga fredom award for shittiest libertarian blogger masquerading as 'non-partisan' politics analyst
the black dick is ashy&&newline<goldenliontamarin> ashy dick&&newline<goldenliontamarin> ashley dick
the elf as he
the green revolution, named for thje 'green' foreign investors would be raking in if that liberal had won and privatized healthcare like he wanted to
theres no such thing as a free lunch, unless your parents are above the poverty line, in which case you get them every day
theres nothing funnier than how mad internet marxists get when you tell them you have no idea how to spell comism, and dont ever plan to learn how
this is it.... its all over [hands shake as i tack /pol onto the end of the 4chan url]
this rules so much. good work everyone http://www.vice.com/
thisis going to be my re-entry into the frat. with the black turtleneck and an unlit cigarette and some philip glass blasting out of an ihome concealed in my jeans crotch
torpedo fuel is a submarine word for cum&&newline<acoustickitty>&&newline<pogfan1991> i want to eat pepper water. *slpllrcch* mmm. my favorite thing to it
vinyl is worth his weight in salt
welcome to our village, comrade. here is where we aggregate gifs [points] and this is where we write our hot takes [points]. you will be manning the meme generator
what in the hell is a vocaloid
what is that orb&&newline<khawaga> whats that orb&&newline<khawaga> im getting a head shaken at me due to my lack of orb kowledge&&newline<khawaga> im getting antsy. i need to know about this orb&&newline<khawaga> focking hell m8. wots the bloody orb for&&newline<khawaga> i seriously am so confused about the orb and why everyones mad ay me for not knowing about the orb
you need to run as fast as a car or else we will kill you
your uncle owns and so does his band&&newline<khawaga> they sound like david byrne fucked a gravity bong
piss. this is why im socialest
im a gamer girl
our landlord keeps walking into our house unnanounced and tells us to clean our rooms
chairman:we do have a few sextoys in the store actually
i don't see the point of washing my hands in the bathroom. my penis is the cleanest part of me.
i just have to respond because holy fuck they expelled a lot of energy all together over a long length of time&&newline<klichka> i'm busy doing cooler shit and joining the occult, what are they doing?
i'm busy doing cooler shit and joining the occult, what are they doing?
is it possible to rent a livingspace in #cyprus with #bitcoin ?
adding him to autokick because holy crap&&newline<klichka> its been a year&&newline<klichka> and they keep sending me pictures of dirty diapers trying to get me to click&&newline<klichka> they are in creepy territory now&&newline<klichka> like they are obsessed with me
adding him to autokick because holy crap&&newline<klichka> its been a year&&newline<klichka> and they keep sending me pictures of dirty diapers trying to get me to click&&newline<klichka> they are in creepy territory now&&newline<klichka> like they are obsessed with me&&newline<klichka> i just have to respond because holy fuck they expelled a lot of energy all together over a long length of time&&newline<klichka> i'm busy doing
hey europa universalis is the game that samog likes right?
http://pastebin.com/dtlzadpm
klichmas sets mode -b hnasty*!*@* klichmas sets mode -b hnasty*!*@* klichmas sets mode -b hnasty*!*@* klichmas sets mode -b wheee*!*@*
so i had a dream where a woman queefed into my asshole. the vibrations i felt were awesome
you're just a little pamby liberal anyway who doesn't care about anything what do you care about here?
,time to lay some justice on this freakin noob for poaching a lords rats...,
god is hitler's kevin. there is no such thing as a kevin
he is even worse than a hohenzollern, he is--may god forgive me for uttering this word--a habsburg
hitler, a left wing politician, brought such important changes to nazi germany as: legitimacy derived from the will of the people, bureaucratic government institutions, emphasis on equality and social justice ('justice' in the recent meaning, of course), heavy regulation of the economy.
http://i.imgur.com/8appsk6.jpg&&newline<http://i.imgur.com/8appsk6.jpg?1>
i asked my sister if she wanted to go hiking on mt rainier this weekend and she said no because she has to go watch the international lol
i dont think so chim
i know not with what weapons ww1 was fought, but ww2 will be fought with sticks and stones - joseph stalin, after taking away the guns
i would advise all people who 'get' tumblr to be careful because that likely means you have a predisposition to a mental illness. peace.
mill.
start seeing things in the corners psychotics. i always wondered what the kind of 'social justice' style of tumblr humor was all about; i think it's the unconscious leaking in to the conscious, what jungian theory considered to be the cause of schizophrenic and schizotypal syptoms.
the nutshack theme but every instance of nutshack is replaced with block chain
yes and you call them stuffed peppers despite the fact that they are obviously condoms filled with poop
#lf is literally a bunch of people obsessed with being cooler than other people on the internet
bt actually hardly trolls at all
fermatas only means of communication is fawning
#lf is literally a bunch of people obsessed with being cooler than other people on the internet
ya
time for us to do some serious powering up
#NAME?
i am sorry, i am gettin cranky because it is past my bedtime and samog still hasn't told me how much he made today&&newline<lettrist> i have been sat here waiting patiently in the best british way for samog to report his daily income&&newline<lettrist> but its ok, i like waiting, i can read the paper again, like i did this morning&&newline<samog> oh uhhh&&newline<samog> 35 cents&&newline<grifty> 35 cents.......that's rich
ballistic: kraft vs velveeta
how do you save quotes
i didnt do crimes the in the gulf war, no evidence
i took ayahuasca in peru and now i have yearlong tripped out hallucinations about kurt eichenwald morphing into the hillary logo
i'm drinking tea as red as a dogs dick
our history teacher told us that a) he was a punk who used to 'dig bowie' and understood why we wore che t-shirts and then b) told us that charles 1 was the real rebel
thÈ
khawaga im fucking piussed that medical is ruining my online brand
khawaga_ i love growing quinoa, as well as permaculture
lindso&&newline<boomata> .q lindso&&newline<skybot> boomata: no quotes found&&newline<lindso> i really feel like one of the crew * lindso sobs
keyboard mashing is a means of displaying that you are laughing, shocked, dumbfounded, etc
#respectthediap
<kevin> you do want to be involved in a funny joke, dont you, lindsay&&newline<lindsay> here's a funny joke&&newline<lindsay> evin.&&newline<lindsay> hahhahahahha&&newline<lindsay> look i made you part of one instead
fuck you, stuffed bear, i can put on my own diaper
im just a peebaby
welcome to #lf, where l stands for lindsay and f stands for fuckingramblesonforever
wow kevin is a sinner&&newline<lindsay> i get this feeling that kevin had sex last night&&newline<lindsay> out of wedlock&&newline<kevin> this did not happen!!!!!!!!
in high school there was this girl that got fucked up in our friend's basement and just shit in his cat's litter box
<skybot> lindso: [57/120] 2014-04-22&&newline<pepito> i just imagined myself having sex with someone who?s acutely aware of all the bad internet content i?ve produced and i fucking screamed.
'watch people eat chicken wings. all they eat is the center, the meat part. that leads you into thinking, 'let's make boneless wings,' which is a total misconception, because what they call boneless wings are actually breast meat.' you had price to factor in here, too.
'ya know, the man can only ride ya when your back is bent. so strengthen it. then the man can't ride it.' - lindso, 2015
.tell lindso ur fuckin cool&&newline<skybot> no&&newline<homero> no
420 lol
<jsoh> paint gizmos balls&&newline<lindso> i dont have a small enough paintbrush&&newline<lindso> ahhahahahahhaha
<lindso> i'd never date a dude that shits in a toliet lindso> messed up
<lindso> we'd pretend like we were gonna phone bone them and then they'd call and say something embarrassing like 'my dick is so hard' and we'd all laugh really hard into the phone and hang up
<lindso> you know what word i hate&&newline<lindso> leaky
<lindso> you know what word i hate&&newline<lindso> leaky &&newline<lindso> and it sounds gross&&newline<lindso> specifically when you use it to describe a pussy
<lindso> you know what word i hate&&newline<lindso> leaky&&newline<lindso> and it sounds gross&&newline<lindso> specifically when you use it to describe a pussy
b00594802
i had a dream about simpsons tapped out&&newline<lindso> i think i need help&&newline<lindso> how will i ever escape this app
i, seymour marcus jack kevin, do not support gay life whatsoever!
im litearlly awlays farting
kwanzaamata, my stepdad does that to me&&newline<lindso> he's the kind of guy that when the waitress comes over and asks 'is there anything i can get for you?' he responds with 'well a million dollars would be nice!!!'&&newline<lindso> like if he's on the phone w/ a service person and they ask what state he's in he replies with 'a state of confusion'&&newline<lindso> when i was younger he used to end things with 'dotcom' like he'd say 'this movie sucks.com'
a few christmas' ago my ex bf insisted that he wanted bees for xmas because u could buy them from amazon and i kept tellin him i was going to buy him bees then i sent him a bunch of stuffed animal bees heheheh
and so then sometimes when i was a toddler people would be like 'aw your god daughter is so pretty' and i'd say 'no im gorgeous'
at lunch one day me and my friends were laughing about 69 and my friend admitted that she didnt know what it meant so i took my chicken tenders and i was like 'this is the guy and this is the girl' then i turned the girl upside down and smashed them together
bun is eating his poop&&newline<lindso> hate when i catch him doin that
celebrities make boobs look so weird in dresses
evin_sucks_dick seemed ok
ew there's mold in my water bottle&&newline<acoustickitty> maybe it's not.
had a really good convo w/ a target cashier today about string cheese
hey everyone, im lindso, and im stupid
holy shit riley has the same onesie as me&&newline<lindso> she's from buffalo too
http://i.imgur.com/ec78jfh.jpg&&newline<lindso> when i was like 9 i made my mom buy me this goblet because i thought it was really fancy and elegant and now every holiday she gets it out and makes me use it haha
i aint scared to like a butthole&&newline<lindso> lick
i did wet the bed by accident once w/ my very first boyfriend in it
i got this sara lee buffalo chicken deli meat &&newline<lindso> it's pretty dang good
i had a dream last night that they let me play on the buffalo bills towards the end of the game because we were beating the jets so bad and i was the qb and throwing terrible passes but it was ok because the jets sucked so much it didnt matter
i had a dream that i could 'move' certain rewards around enough that i get the haunted house&&newline<lindso> i really want this haunted house
i have a tootsie pop sittin in my wine idk what im doin w/ my life anymore
i hit my brother on the head with a huge wooden block and nearly knocked him out when we were young&&newline<lindso> whoops
i imagine a day where me and peter are standing at the altar and the person marrying us says 'you may now kiss your wife' and peter goes in for the kiss but first must mutter 'my wife...'
i like boneless wings but dont u dare try to tell me theyre better than real wings&&newline<lindso> or you're cruisin for a bruisin
i love drinking piss
i love life&&newline<lindso> i love you guys&&newline<lindso> i'm so glad i met all of you&&newline<lindso>&&newline<3333
i love pepito&&newline<bonclay> me too, although in a different way than you&&newline<lindso> i love him like a brother&&newline<bonclay> ew!!!&&newline<lindso> hahahahha
i love that 9 year old me just assumed your vagina started to leak
i loved having my wisdom teeth removed&&newline<lindso> the oral surgeon was so good looking
i loved weird al. i used to bring my fisher price tape player on the bus in 4th grade and we'd listen to bad hair day in the back of the bus
i only eat mayo
i peed in a water bottle today
i remember one day at work a few years ago&&newline<lindso> all the kids were talking about the big bang theory and i got real mad and was like do you guys even know what the big bang theory actually is!? and then they sang the theme song trying to figure it out and i was like ahhhhhhhh
i think austin is hiding his nose under a blanket so he wont have to smell my food&&newline<lindso> me and my friend used to eat his dog's treats in 4th grade
i thnk i was like 9 and i didn't know what a period was yet and my mom had these pads in the bathroom and i saw them and i kind of just assumed that they were like diapers. like when you got older you sort of just leaked sometimes so you wore a pad so one time i put one on and sat down on the couch and started peeing on it and yeah... i soon realized that was definitely not what it was for
i want to marry laughing cow cheese
i was playing this blending word game w/ one of my groups of kids where you'd pick one and it'd be 'b' and the other one would be 'ack' etc and they managed to pick combos that made gay and dick
i was really high when i saw avatar and it was my first 3d /imax movie and i was freaking out
ill tell a real story&&newline<lindso> pepito was playing a game and brushing his teeth and his score was 420 and he had to yell for me to see&&newline<pepito> no, i came out of the bathroom to show you
im aggressive&&newline<lindso> check me out on the football field&&newline<lindso> 8)
im feelin real garfield right now
im gnawing on a block of cheddar cheese
in 2007 i went on a date with a guy i met on myspace, he wore a pedobear shirt and talked about it and i told him what 4chan was and he tried to force me to say memes outloud while he told me the ones he knew, he took me to watch him play ddr, he fresh prince'd me in the middle of a story he was telling me, and then the movies
in high school me and my friends went to this weird gas station and bought horny goat weed pills and took them&&newline<lindso> then we sat around saying weird things about our boobs
in middle school i wanted to carry a purse but i literally had nothing to put in it so i just carried a bunch of little toys in it&&newline<lindso> and i brought them all out at lunch and everyone wanted to sit with me
jim carrey was my idol when i was young
lindso is all about the three ps: poop, pee, periods
lol this necklace http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00c3xesza/&&newline<lindso> 'oh i see you have a boyfriend' comments the cashier at wegmans 'no' i respond 'just a really big fan of the taken film series'
long live the new fleshlight
lost my phone rip&&newline<lindso> nvm my butt was sittin on it
my brother's fiancee always calls me lindsayloo&&newline<lindso> so does my stepmom
my butt is dry
my godmother taught me as soon i could talk to respond to 'my name is lindsay and i am....' with 'gorgeous'
my mom is hellbent on making me and peter go out to dinner w/ her and my stepdad when he comes here
my mom named me after lindsay wagner, the bionic woman :3
my mom wants me to marry peter&&newline<lindso> she told me today 'you have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince...' i was like mom stop right now
my parents nickname for me is linzard&&newline<lindso> my first aol screen name was linzardb
my skype is dejaentendu1
number 1 place i don't want to be in 2015? inside of a fifty shades of grey movie theater
oh god, pepito, what have you done to me&&newline<pepito> what happen&&newline<lindso> there's a dateline mystery ep i'm watching and a guy comes home and finds his wife dead and on the 911 call he's saying 'my wife.. my wife...' and all i hear is borat
ok guys&&newline<lindso> im going to add my first quote&&newline<lindso> how do i do this
once upon a time i had a big crush on pepito and was really excited that he had tumblr and then i looked at it way too often like a big ol creepy creep
one time at a party at my house i got drunk and made everyone watch that commercial and then when no one thought it was as funny as i did i made them watch it 3 more times
one time in high school at a sleepover i fell asleep and my friends covered my face in slices of spam
one year we had to threaten to stop serving the kids saltines for snack if they didnt stop trying to eat them all in a minute
pepito: will you be my feeder?&&newline<pepito> sounds good.
remember when i thought someone had the nick lindsay but it was actually just me in another channel on syncirc and i didnt notice
remember when kevin looked at boobs at the library
some pecans look like butts
somedays the girls on our team score all the touchdowns because guys under estimate us on the other team&&newline<lindso> :p&&newline<lindso> i've often heard a guy telling other guys on his team 'i remember her. watch out for her.' about me :3&&newline<lindso> lil ol me&&newline<lindso> the fuckin&&newline<lindso> icebox&&newline<lindso> yeah, i love it
sometimes i just dont wanna poop :(
sometimes i wake up and look in the mirror and i look like skrillex
that's my internet boyfriend from when i was 14&&newline<lindso> my first true love&&newline<lindso> his sn was thegamingguru15&&newline<lindso> he was a year older than me&&newline<lindso> he made me thegaminggenie14&&newline<lindso> i made an elaborate lie to tell my parents about how i knew him&&newline<lindso> because they wanted to know why i was talking to some guy from florida from their cell phone&&newline<lindso> i miss being young
the most romantic thing pepito said to me was 'you're my dxm, babe.'
today i came home from work and was whining (literally whining and being ridiculous and moaning and groaning) about not knowing/having anything to make for dinner and my mom was joking back and was like 'i hope peter's mother is ready for you to whine for your meals'&&newline<lindso> sick burn, mom
we also stood in front of a naked body man and we were like 'this was someone's boyfriend...' 'body boyfriend....' and then we started laughing uncontrollably
we used to put icy hot on our nipples in hs at sleepovers
we're going to because my mom is like. jealous that i spent so much time with his parents and that she only met him for like 5 minutes
welcome to #lf, where l stands for lindsay and f stands for fuckingramblesonforever
what if i broke up w/ pepito because he stuck sriracha in his dick&&newline<fermata> you'd have to tell your parents
when i was like 6 i pooped and peed in a dixie cup and showed my nextdoor neighbor and she couldnt play with me for a month
when my friend and i went to body worlds we were high as heck and that made it pretty terrifying but it also made me say way too loud that the tiny baby fetus looked like a gummy bear
why did the walrus go to the tupperware party&&newline<lindso> he was looking for a tight seal&&newline<lindso> a girl told this on the bachelor last night
wow i have to pee
~*sometimes ur brain is the best google.com*~
financial regulation is really cool. its like going to lake victoria and getting on a boat and rowing into the middle of a giant cloud of blood sucking flies and then telling them to go away
hehe routine&&newline<luc-egal> it sounds like poutine
is fermata real?&&newline<fermata> hello. i'm a bot made by irc user handlebar in the year of our lord jesus christ 2010.
the ideas of marxism-leninism permeate any left of centre party throughout europe
superhero porn parodies have a pretty good track record at getting the costumes better than the real thing.
'the town has a solitary inn, space aliens bar and grill. do you chose to enter?'
<inktop> did oyu know that carlos latuff dabbles in erotica&&newline<maarak> nude brasilliam goku
i ordered a sample of soylent&&newline<maarak> i think it should arrive in the next month or so
[cgi simulation of chester cheetah feasting on the pep boys]
http://i.imgur.com/wasye.jpg&&newline<acoustickitty> in an ideal conception
lucas doesn't have the talents of a michael bay
the last time i got drunk i started thinking of market friendly solutions to social issues
gamergaters are fucking atrocious misogynists but lmao @a_girl_irl legit deserves to be murdered, dude is a transphobic opportunist shit who got off harassing women until he suddenly decided he was some manner of feminist.
pretending tank club never existed and never misgendered and harassed trans women is a transmisogynist act
real talk tho if youre friends w/ like fel weed or realsubtle or the blogger who used to go by slowdro i forgot their current url pls unfollow me these people loathe me and i dont know why youd want to be friends w/ me if youre close w/ them
are you drunk realsubtle.
http://i.imgur.com/9zdkbva.jpg
basically everything that isn't '2.4 kids heterosexuality' is queer (a heterosexual couple can be queer)
one evening the bitcoin blockchain came to a halt, it turns out chuck norris had mined all the remaining bitcoins, and the difficulty was larger than graham's number.
a number that's larger than finite numbers but smaller than an absolutely infinite number &&newline<poop> buddy that doesnt make sense&&newline<piss> 4t7h8e9 11u12l13t4i7m8a9t11e12 13z4i7n8g
erotic friend fiction
fuck furniture it sucks
fuck israel zionists | fuck netanyahu
haha that was um, that was irony. i def do drink piss during all four seasons.
have u ever noticed that ur piss tastes better when the weather changes
i can confirm. my asshole is fucked by kevin
i had a dream where i met vinyl and he tried to sell me stock in kashi
i want to be the colonel kurtz of glt's rectum
i wonder if my urine is caffeinated... not going to drink it just curious
if everyone itc paypals me $146.50, we can ship medical 35,000lbs of flour
im going to make like $750,000 a year its going to be great im going to buy a pool full of conflict diamonds and then drown in it
im super smelly
lisa needs comdom. dental dam.
luv u the corbusier
poz me cos im neg
time to jerk off >:d
you can keep piss in redbull cans too + its much better
(2:19:34 am) evin: once in #obama people (including myself, i'm sorry to say) were making fun of him and he just, in a fit of anger and trying to defend himself, said that he moved to san diego (because he'd moved there recently) to protect this irc girl sunshine from this mentally ill ircer named whoa_boat
19th century italians would roll in their graves if they find out about totinos&&newline<turdwarlock> italians are constantly rolling in their graves. the grease buildup makes them spin around like tops in reaction to the slightest rotation of the earth
2014 will be a big year for gmo label movements. see this new counter punch
<queman> damn i missed jack bauer last night
bernie sansers is the official candidate of #lf. #feelthebern
everybody do me a favor and go buy a teavanaÆ oprahÆ chai latte from starbucksÆ tomorrow so i can keep my job thanks
nothing says portland summer like sipping on a smoothie blended by a vintage schwinn at a food cart pod.
peugeot is giving the food truck a sexy makeover
todays the last day of the dominos 50% off any online order. took advantage and got two gluten free pizzas for :10bux:
don't forget how privileged u are to be in the lf digital community. lucky jerks
have you ever walked into a grocery store and realized all the food is poison?
hi&&newline<medical> http://media.tumblr.com/7defe90eaf7b49aca1f1c8c188e98875/tumblr_inline_nha5ggifwj1qijr6k.gif&&newline<medical> that is you.
http://news.yahoo.com/vermont-sen-bernie-sanders-am-running-president-000144179--election.html&&newline<bonclay> zionist boy&&newline<medical> prove it&&newline<medical> i am literally going to quit my job to support his campaign full time&&newline<bonclay> sounds like a bad decision that i am totally unable to protect you from by telling you not to
if masses of people stopped buying shit, it would throw a wrench in the shit peddling machine&&newline<fuckuimabot> ahahaha this idiot wont shut up!!!
if you'd like ideas at primitive foods, visit your local farmer's market&&newline<medical> sample the indigenous eats
im phasing into an all-superfood diet irl
let's say i was medical. how on earth would you have known that quickly
my dream is to have wild quinoa from indigenous chilean/bolivian hands :swoon:
pasadena is going to ban pitbulls. theres a town hall protest tonight. im going to present the link on that yahoo answers about gluten free dogs
rihanna is one of us&&newline<medical> but her handlers got to her :(
sorry about your injury&&newline<medical> i am depressed too. so u know how i feel. being in #lf wont cure mine, but it will damn well help
soy lechitin is literally run-off sludge from soy factories. courtesy of bill gates & the banksters
the crust better be made from quinoa flour&&newline<medical> there is no healthier flour alternative&&newline<handlebar> except for wheat&&newline<medical> enjoy your grain brain
the only socialist friendly peanut butter is the wild raw jungle nut butter from the achuar tribes in ecuador. available at whole foods btw.
too bad im banned from all the juicy irc channels (#lf, #fabgoons, #foodchat)
try it comrade.&&newline<handlebar> medical ninja calling people comrade is like hearing watching a john mccain speech where he awkwardly calls everyone his friend&&newline<khawaga> how about those ancient grains, hheehhhhhh?? how bout em, heeeehhhhhh???
ugh. my superfood is leaking to eagles fans
we now declare open season on every vehicle connected to the gentrifying tech companies. go forth, comrades! to a world without commodities, money, or exploitation...
white people developed from the advent of the grain diet. literally. that is what happened&&newline<medical> i could have been brown and blue eyed if my ancestors didnt have grain brain&&newline<medical> i am livid about this
why is every restaurant closed?!?! im starving&&newline<medical> *wanted a burrito bowl from chipotle*
you could make a mean pizza crust using organic tapioca and heirloom potato starch&&newline<handlebar> this is the fast foodie patriot, with my latest meal. pizza made out of pudding and potatoes. price before taaaaax? 26 dollars and ninety nine cents
your money doesn't go to big insurance when you don't use obamacare
your purchasing power is literally your only tool of meaningful resistance&&newline<medical> in a corporatocracy, you are voting with your spending. hth
your purchasing power is literally your only tool of meaningful resistance
you said quinoa and i got instant sensation of appetite
[metalman@the.real.man.of.steel] has joined #lf&&newline<~pepito> rip and rend my asshole&&newline<jsoh> agreed metalman [metalman@the.real.man.of.steel] has left #lf
oxford won the boat race v handily :(&&newline<&mmw> i think i have school pride wtf is this
molo is here. repent while you still can
*burp* morty. listen to me morty. we gotta... we gotta remove all the *burp* compressive strength from the joists in the area of heavy loading, morty. it's the only way we're gonna *burp* survive morty. help me morty.
<mudcrabs> laying the smack down on a 9 month old baby&&newline<mudcrabs> roundhouse that child
does anyone still edit myprivilege&&newline<mudcrabs> is myprivilege dead&&newline<y> hahaha, i dunno, check it
gendertrenders are basically males that want to have a female body not because they would be more comfortable being a female and assimilating as a woman, but because they want to be a sexay laday
girl power tends to corrupt, and absolute girl power corrupts absolutely.
i agree with pham binh
i had a workplace fling but the guy was too obsessed with no man's sky
i wonder if anyone will like my joke in mccaine's thread or if they're too mad at me for being terf scum
i've become well-read since lf&&newline<&mudcrabs> and now i understand marx like pretty much perfectly
it was all smoothed down from rubbing too so i know it was his.
juuulaayyyyy
let 'er rip&&newline<mudcrabs> beyblade bboys
man i am so sick of looking at the cajun tag on tumblr and seeing normal food with louisiana cajun seasoning sprinkled on it
melly are you a marxist-leninist-stalinist-hoxhaist? if not, promptly leave.
my family was descended from high ranking farmers in russia. my great grandparents owned multiple barns in the center of borovsk. there were barrels filled with wheat and barley in our house. then the october revolution hit and everything was taken away. out of fear, my great uncle dumped barrels full of oats into the nearby river.
my favorite part of magic schoolbus is at the end of each episode where all of the kids around the world are like 'magic schoolbus?' in their goofy moon accents&&newline<killbro_slashins>&&newline<snake> magic schoolbus!?
oh come on, the zeon are more than just space nazis.
one day in middle school, after health class, i found a quarter left behind. i picked it up and bought a soda from the machine just outside in the hallway, since i only needed one more.&&newline<mudcrabs> the next day, some boy was crying about how he can't find his grandpa's lucky rubbing coin that he would take to the races. i literally used some boys memento to remember his dead grandpa with, to buy a pepsi.&&newline<mudcrabs> it was all smoothed down fr
oregone
salt                         4200ru&&newline<mudcrabs> 0.50 kg&&newline<mudcrabs> swag -100%&&newline<mudcrabs> this artifact is so white that many&&newline<mudcrabs> researchers can't even imagine that&&newline<mudcrabs> such a substance can exist in an&&newline<mudcrabs> inner-city setting. emits neoliberal&&newline<mudcrabs> chemical components.
salt 4200ru&&newline<mudcrabs> 0.50 kg&&newline<mudcrabs> swag -100%&&newline<mudcrabs> this artifact is so corrupt
there were many different tribes of europeans, but most of them fell into four groups. there were the mediterranean europeans, who spent a lot of time trading and writing books, the northern forest europeans, who fished for their food, the alpine europeans, who invented the ski, and eastern forest europeans, about whom very little is known.
woot i want a lum invader costume so bad i want to be the invader
anime lesbians are ftw...
do u need ur diaper changed ahdfgaghaha
god dammit i accidentally linked a meme
i'm done arguing about trannies. time to watch anime
im sorry for my momentary step into liberalism, handlebar&&newline<handlebar> i wouldnt call it momentary, liberalism is like entropy&&newline<handlebar> its constantly assaulting us, undermining us
laying the smack down on a 9 month old baby&&newline<mudcrabs> roundhouse that child
melly becomes duke nukem on pain killers?
much tells, melly&&newline<&mudcrabs> more like, telly
skullgirls is a really good game&&newline<acoustickitty> its prolly pretty pricey
the agdq mods deleted all references to nigga stole my bike in chat even though it's not even a racist meme
the moultistas bring the us into a state of permanent diaper revolution&&newline<mudcrabs> new constitution of the united states of adult baby/diaper lover written on very large diaper&&newline<mudcrabs> and then shat in
to fuck my daughter you have to fuck me, john romero
what that irl guy did to that irl baby is for real fuckin ridiculous like some wwf shit
what that irl guy did to that irl baby is for real fuckin ridiculous like some wwf shit&&newline<khawaga> rip kevin
what the unironic fuck
whats a memo
why&&newline<mudcrabs> for what fucking reason would you throw away like $100 worth of rubber dicks
i don't think you get this channel, in a sense.
i have hair on my pubes more than your head
i prefer michael bay to spielberg too
!markov suck my (1:39:04 pm) acoustickitty: suck my dick: odd  8==================d~ (1:39:07 pm) odd: nooooo (1:39:09 pm) odd: aaaaaaaaaaa
(5:21:16 pm) odd: kevin i don't think that becoming a young adult librarian with a wife that you didn't bang until your honeymoon is going to lead to as much respect as you seem to think it does
.u slampiece&&newline<homero> odd: did you mean upper or usa?&&newline<%odd> usa
<@brattybc> none of us are perfect&&newline<&odd> i had sex with a nuclear missile
<acoustickitty> suck my dick: odd  8==================d&&newline<odd> that's a yes
<velocityje> what's your favorite song puppies&&newline<puppies> the big ship by brian eno&&newline<odd> more like the big shit by thomas' posting
fermata's got your two factors right here. *fermata holds up her fist, then the same fist again i guess*
i also avoid eye contact
i have heard tell, vivian, that in auburn...there is an underground club of tampa bay buccaneers fans. i don't know the password but find a blind guy who isn't really blind.
just call them up, say 'hey i got a jew nob, i won't be coming in any more' and they'll say 'who is this' then hang up
lyft always does his homework on time. see uber as he circumvents tax laws and enslaves the principal
[14/88] 1939-12-25&&newline<hitler> smoke weed every day, in order to secure a future for some white kids.
[20:15:56]&&newline<~skybot> paddedcell http://i.imgur.com/kolovjk.jpg [20:16:43]&&newline<&poop> whats in the toilet in that picture [20:16:55]&&newline<&odd> your posts
bitcoin is the dark souls of currency
eye of newt and ball of man, into the cauldron and out comes a plan: pretend to be a minority on the internet
fighting on the submarine is when you get woken up to someone saying royal rumble and everyone is just fighting everyone with no regard for safety or the fact that there's no pants on
haha, general tso's chicken and vegetable lo mein at the chinese food place costs&&newline<~pepito> a good combo at the reich price, i like
i dont like lars this is totally odd
i have a small genital
i want joss wheaton to direct himself into a garbage can
i'm super pumped for uncle grandpa season two. kill me
if you don't like walmart's wages then maybe you should start your own multinational corporation with the largest shipping infrastructure ever imagined
it's always diapers with kevin
kevin 'hello is this peter pepito, haha, uh, heh, uh, balls of steel. hahaha. have you heard the good word of your lord and savior jesus christ and his prophet, father bozo the clown'
my brita pitcher is basically my best friend
sweet jesus: unknown extended command
you dang white people can no longer have aspergers ref
you ever suck dick for weed? or just for fun i guess
you've got 10 seconds before i add you to the list of idf casualties
!markov paige&&newline<acoustickitty> paige is curbcheckkk&&newline<paige> no ugh&&newline<acoustickitty> he's funny
<acoustickitty> diaper guy's bones&&newline<paige> *hits buzzer*&&newline<paige> whats buried under my crawlspace
<poop> im desperate to see the assp iece&&newline<patrock> whats your favourite punctuation mark? poop's is the semi-colon.
i hate zondays - zarfield
im not downloading an app to watch dota
okay time to cut this shit out&&newline<odd> is your diaper full
anarchy, against toilets&&newline<paige> infantilist anarchists
fuck you i wont poo where you tell me
i wanna pee
i wish there was an #lf wiki
im the e-machine of the transhumanist world
pig anus
rage against the latrine
the rain of grain falls mainly on the brain
pam.
*monkey bashes femur at base of umass obelisk, throws bone up, bone turns into a spatula and lands back in the same monkeys hand, and they start flipping burgers*
.y garth brooks amv
despite the fake news . 'piss is a type of shit'
kitchenaids are the opposite of le fail aids
after freshman year in highscool&&newline<patrock> or during&&newline<patrock> when school got out&&newline<patrock> me and my straight friend would watch dbz at my place&&newline<patrock> and then we'd be so psyched we'd wrestle on my bed&&newline<patrock> totes no homo
breakfast of chatpeons
fart popoo
fermatatata&&newline<zhuge_bumpkin> *kenshiro voice*
i heard weed turns you gay&&newline<patrock> so naturally i decided to start at a young age
i like su cause all the characters have some form of aspergers lol
i preserve my childhood in formaldehyde
i still cant respect anything jimmy kimmel does&&newline<patrock> i never did, but i still cant too
if you like princess tomato and the salad kingdom &&newline<patrock> then try the slaughterhouse five
if youre turning dudes into eunuchs, do you 'cull de sacks'?
ignorant point: whats cabbage
im a beer connisseur. if im not scoffing im quaffing
its like wiping your butt with angels
its pretty dope&&newline<patrock> also its pretty dope
ive got borderlands personality disorder i think im in a shitty fps game
run that beautiful showtell footage
speak loudly and carry a small stick said bizarro roosevelt larper jsoh
this next statement is for advanced users only&&newline<patrock> trans is a feeling and any college educated person can feel it
trans is a feeling and anyone can co-opt it
why dont all underpants have built in latex dick sleeves
wow&&newline<patrock> you can make a pipe out of a crossbow!?&&newline<patrock> talk about taking a hit
#boom #shotsfired lol :d
* ego is now known as dilbert`but`gay
* pepito is now known as pepito`the`commuting`cat
*every member of the mars hill church congregation, mark driscoll, the virgin mary, jesus christ, and all of his great friends in #lf come in with everything for a huge party*
*hears the sound of retching from the nearby woods* el chundercabra draws near
*in joe dirt as a tumblr user voice* so i think i seriously might have got the gender fluid on me.
*in blink 182 voice* my name's / bo-rat / my wife / is nice
*in ditech voice upon seeing shockdoctrines meltdown* lost another one to capital
*in goku voic* i hope they serve beer in hfil
*in jerry seinfeld voice* and whats the deal with lowenaffchens tweets? since when was posting crap the thing to do. adn whats the deal, with dildo hitler
*joe dirt voice* i got the genders on me.
*on the phone with artie yamamoto* fetch me some turf
*presses the power button on his computer* *ascii portrait of justine tunney appears on the screen with her arms covering her breasts* hello.  pepito. you're quite good. at. turning . me  on.&&newline<pepito> you should probably ignore that
*pulls on diaper, slaps a marine corps decal on the ass* semper fi or whatever
.y america's got talent captain dan and the scurvy crew&&newline<khawaga> howard stern owning these people&&newline<khawaga> i forgot about this&&newline<khawaga> i cant listen to this. fuck&&newline<khawaga> all the booing lmao. its so good&&newline<puppies> do you have ptsd from chronically getting ownd your whole life
/!\ /!\ 1488 brothers ~~~ l@@k !!! exclusive evidence that conclusively proves hitler did nothing wrong /!\ /!\
23:38&&newline<~pepito> .tag pepito did not see tim and eric live 23:38&&newline<~pepito> this shameful act should be memorialized.
<~fermata> being polish of course, it goes without saying that i love to cosplay and as such my wardrobe is usually adorned with hussar winged outfits and other impractical bizarre clothing from my favourite operas and pierogi packaging.
also, my father was a soviet tank mechanic for over 20 years and was married to the same woman for 21 so how fucking dare you call my father a trot
baby.geniuses.baby.squad.investigators.2013.stv.dvdrip.xvid-margin has finished downloading.
borat katter, at the junkyard. he points to a junked dodge ram. 'what kind of plane is this,' he inquires. the owner of the junkyard replies, flatly, 'this is a truck.' borat katter presses further, 'is it a mig in a wig?'
could the holy bible contain the secret to eliminating the worst disease facing mankind?&&newline<goldenliontamarin> yes.......
could the holy bible contain the secret to eliminating the worst disease facing mankind?&&newline<goldenliontamarin> yes........ and the disease is athiesm
god sends plagues against those who defy natures law. it will not be cured until he allows it to be.&&newline<acoustickitty> who does. i want to live in edmonton.
han solo is the ultimate uber driver; how everyone's favorite smuggler typifies the gig economy
hello, i'm alansohn. i wanted to let you know that i undid one of your recent contributions, such as the one you made with this edit to deuce bigalow: male gigolo, because it didnt appear constructive to me. if you think i made a mistake, or if you have any questions, you can leave me a message on my talk page. thanks, alansohn (talk) 17:13, 2 may 2013 (utc)
i hope they have changing tables that can support a full grown adult male in hell
i died a little when my 15 y/o cousin looked up from her tablet during a casual conversation and said 'wow, amazing, there is no tv tropes page for the work you guys are discussing!'&&newline<pepito> oh my godddd
i had an argument with a friend's sons (13 and 15) about pewdiepie. weird moment for everyone, especially all the other adults at the dinner table who had no idea what we were talking about.
i just goatsed lindso. i brought it up on my phone and started laughing at it and asked her if she wanted to see it
i killed a klurf in reno, just to see his 'gum guts'.
i kinda forgot i was here
i like you, i'm indifferent to sex. very nice.
inkwell's memetic baby dick
it's somewhat counter intuitive, but it's good to know, that it's actually space aliens grill & bar, instead of bar & grill. perhaps, this is meant to illustrate that the primary focus of the establishment is the grilled food items, or maybe not. it's really hard to say. but it's something to think about.
jussi baldmann publishes his groundbreaking metaanalysis on irc social interactions entitled 'why do they make fun of me cause im bald? ;_;'
last time i drank syrup in public i hit psychosis n someone called the cops on me at walmart. last thing i remember was the world was bouncing...pretty intense..but yeh if u only drink a few bottles n arnt all in ppl face screaming look at me i'm retarded!
november securities and investigations, oy tagged: abdl, ab, dl, adult baby, diaper lover, ageplay, age play, infantilism, regression, wet diapers, wetting, watersports, sissy, sissification, sissies, feminization, crossdresser, crossdressing, drag, queer, gender bending, genderqueer, boi, gurl, femdom, d/s, dominance, submission, bdsm, bondage.
nubile, blonde, wet with desire. me, in leather. a harness, if you like. all eyes, mel, are upon me as i speak: 'folx,' i begin, 'i am the diaped god mike (they like that), my mass, unto you, is like manna from heaven.'
of course, much like life, gaming finds a way.
people argue that homosexuality is not a sin because it is inborn. well, i have an inborn, natural tendency to want to screw every good-looking woman i see. should the church honor that natural tendency? (i am not arguing with you, but with gay marriage proponents.)
pepito, the biggest bigender (agender + girl) cat in the whole wide world
peter's house ('wet diaper is not enough'); temple of the incon aisle ('like some bounteous bambino'); runaway chatters ('shitposts typed with a splash of piss')
poland's two biggest newspapers are owned by german and usa companies. polish citizens will learn to love islam.
scalia slammin' sotomayor's slit (scotus dubcon, tentacles, slenderman)
this article is about the statue. for the teenage mutant ninja turtles character, see venus (teenage mutant ninja turtles).&&newline<tinhorn> good god
yukio mishima saying swag for 30 minutes!
abu-dhabi-successfully-imports-nermal
after kevin dies in a tragic accident, his arm is removed and attached to melanie and starts controlling her personality. next thing we know, she'll be shouting driscoll!!!. kevin's arm.
always bet on fermata's duke.
back! get back, be careful you idiots! that mech's hydraulics are filled with genderfluid! sever one of those lines and we're as good as tucute.
bad news, all. kevin died in a tragic masturbation accident earlier.&&newline<lindso> rip&&newline<chairman> kevin got so sexually excited about his tablet that his balls blasted straight off his groin, ricocheted off the wall and struck him in the forehead&&newline<lindso> real excited about a just ok tablet
bring back weev&&newline<acoustickitty> good morning hbar
catie-cunt as elizabeth: press f to catch a diaper full of shit +50 hit points
dont worry this wont be 'gay' or anything,m just two bros farting into each others assholes
goin on a date tomorrow night, gonna own. hell yeahy khawaga> are you horny&&newline<pepito> khawaga: i'm about an aaron carter
grifty: did you know that the nozzle on a sriracha bottle is perfect for sticking in your pisser? stick that in there and squeeze and you're in flavor country
hair club for jussi, oy
hardclumpine: https://31.media.tumblr.com/dc7534f9eee8161315c72c446f8b79ce/tumblr_n0dx45ikjv1rwkpa6o1_1280.jpg everything, one day, turns to meme.
hey vinyl, look, salt!&&newline<pepito> *vinyl looks away*
hmmm. lots of 'im shitting' tweets from jsoh, but no 'im wiping'
http://i.imgur.com/yazk5mm.png a concise summary of the #lf chatting experience.
i bet my kibbi on it
i got to use balls of steel in a text to a girl. ftw.
i had a heart attack and was weirded out by imperalism and shit on kickstarter
i had sailor moon s.fansubs on.vhs i bought over the internet
i had to go to the hospital because of my balls once too
i have not seen inkwell's dick.
i have walls, racks upon racks of servers, hooked up to a complete sensor suite located in jim's hole. it exists sole to parse the vast amounts of scientific data that comes from such a massive, foreign space. thousands of watt hours and processor cycles devoted to unlocking the deep mysteries of jim's hole, in my opinion, the eigthth natural wonder of the world.
i love to get  high on jenkem and pass out for a day, or chew khat and tweek for three days.
i love trot
i put a curse on his dick&&newline<acoustickitty> ikr pete
i rung in the new millenium, on irc, on the computer in my basement, with my friends in #planetnamek, and #spiritworld
i saw a parade, or people, or one of those other grocery store aisle magazines at the cvs today and on the cover, on the sidebar, was meet grumpy cat!!! and a picture&&newline<pepito> that was dated today.
i should go to bread soon.&&newline<pepito> im so tired.
i showed my 7th grade teacher all your base
i stopped at the dollar store on the way home today, and they had dxm pills. oh joy, oh rapture unforseen, the clouded sky is now serene
i think i had a prophetic vision last night: i saw mike 'kissrocks88' moulton sitting atop a huge throne of diapers, overlooking a churning sea of human excrement&&newline<pepito> im not sure what to make of it
i wa nt to climb into turdwarlock colon and spend my days&&newline<pepito> mining his posts out of there >:)
i want to get a full size viletat back tattoo&&newline<pepito> w/ rip sean smith written on the bottom
i want to suck and fuck sean vilerat smith's disgusting corpse
i want to use entheogens for the express purpose of creating a twilight sparkle tulpa with inkwell's baby dick that i can love
i was the judge. *rips off mask and judges robe* its me, mikel. it was me, all along mikel.&&newline<highfong> lol&&newline<pepito> *in mikel voice* aw son of a bitch
i wish i was a computer.
i'm gonna pop some tabs *pulls glock out of diaper*
i'm the dmt rabbi. i wear a tefillin filled with the spirit molecule
i've... seen things you people wouldn't believe... skiffs on fire off the horn of africa, i watched shiny bald heads glitter in the sun near helsinki. all those... moments... will be lost in time... like salt... from a shaker.... time... to die...
if you aren;t chattin' in the right bloc...... you're just not chattin'.&&newline<pepito> i read that in my mind in jeff goldblum from the start of tim and eric movie voice&&newline<pepito> in case any one needs to get the full effect
im getting a seizure cause my terminal screen flashes/redraws when i get hilights
im literally starving for a huge bowl of diaper gravy
im looking forward to juwanna mann (2014), the upcoming reboot of juwanna mann, as the first part of the juwanna mann trilogy
im pasting large amounts of c/p from /r/theredpill in #obama. im laughing about it
in vinyl heaven, margaritas are glasses of salt with alcohol around the rim
it means you never actually have to do any critical introspection about your privilege, when you can just 'wave it away' by identifying some other way.&&newline<maarak> pepito like an upsidedown caste system
it's going to be me and justine tunney in area 51 and helios rejects her
im going to beat the shit out of hank green with his fucking idiot nerd guitar and garrote him with the strings
join my quiverfull offshoot cult, diaperfull.
just did some dmt - seriously saw btc at a high number cant remember, ltc was $44 crashed to $30 then ends at $75-80 for long time, xpm goes up a lil, quarkcoin surges, banks create their own coins 2020
kevins sitting at the dinner table for christmas with his mom, dinner off to the left, laptop to the right, one hand on the keys and the other on his knob. he merely grunts and says moooooom every time she awkwardly tries to start a conversation with her masturbating son
lollll
manymanywolves: me llamo senor borat. w· w· wÈ w·
mods change my name to 'oathbound alf devotee'
mods change my name to 'a transmisogynist dog whistle meant to target teenage trans girls'
more like... monetizeyourbellingcat.
my current victoria 2
my favorite thing about trenders is how they use it to de-privilege themselves. i wish i could be oppressed. oh wait, i'm... uh *checks wiki* ace spectrum gender fluid. please to be deferring to my lower amount of privilege tia
my friend still has a few cans of the original formulation of four loko&&newline<pepito> he';s saving them for his wedding
my guess is seinfeld would have propagated the meme of saying 'the ukraine', rather than just ukraine
my listening to the mishma score and reading my sicp
my mom actually used the phrase 'epic fail' irl. i convinced her to never utter the words again
my mom was vaping weed this morning as we opened gifts.
my mom won't let nothin' happen to kevin
now that i posted it on the dip shop video, i'm ready to start reciting the fourteen words to random strangers in real life.
now thats pampers
oh, i was replying to my .quote&&newline<acoustickitty> to this good jew media.
pl;s add that
please read my 5,000 word samog/snowden slash fic. paypal is in the side bar.
samog&&newline<fuckuimabot> penis&&newline<pepito> this is a good ass bot
somethingawful is like an internet school of the americas for shitposting
steven s. vinyl shambled through the vast, empty halls of the neo bedford salt mines. in neo bedford, if you're an addict, your addiction becomes your middle name. steven's was salt. he briefly paused in front of a smooth, stone wall, his face crunced on itself in a bizarre rictus. vinyl stuck out his tongue and ran it up and down the length of the wall, mindful to not miss a spot.
take the brown pill *messily shits himself, hundreds of growths appear all over my body*
take your laxitives and put your diaper on&&newline<pepito> this is major tom to mass control, im crapping in my pants, and im squriming in a most sexual way
thanks yospos this does own
the chapo frat house swept trump into office. verrit identification number 420691488
the customs agent who had to look at my passport cracked up when he saw it when we were travelling. haha
there's someone outside literally yelling hitler over and over again, and it's 4/20 and it's hitler's birthday.&&newline<pepito> city life.&&newline<bonclay> you should go out and say hi to alex
this cunt is a big fan of sissy slut catie's blog
this is what we do (neoliberalism) this is who we are (neoliberals) we're n-s-i oy, we're n-s-i oy
today i realized even kevin chat is better than dota chat. what a world
triss got nice titty in witcher 1
walgreens has a good sale on dxm containing cough gels right now. please look forward to it&&newline<pepito> 2 for $7.00 mama mia!
weekend at benghazi: obama and biden must pretend like ambassador stevens and vilerat are still alive.
yeah, like, grand central station gives me a similar vibe to some of the churches i've been to, but i think it's just because of the kind of beauty i experience in either of them. very similar.
you brought dota into my synchtube, friendo. there are some things, they take time to overlook them, how great of a transgression that was, it takes considerable time. but in time, i will come to forgive you for it and then you can have it back.
for this assessment, you will create ten tweets from the trenches in world war i.
ª mass diaper | squirming for a moment, you let loose a huge amount of stool in your already full diaper. your diaper is now uncomfortably full, and shit leaks down the sides of your legs. what do you do now? a) request 'good baby' on twitter b) go to work covered in your own excriment c) go to the doctor for your dick pill prescription d) mass yourself again
ignorance is cis
but don't ridicule her. she's just sad that the war criminal ariel sharon finally stopped breating
))<>(( back and forth forever
*klichka accidentally dumps the hallmark cards on the floor* oops i made a mass! *judges from the wider than normal eyes that his co-workers are confused and the lack of laughing sounds that they do not get the reference* well, haha, the-the-there's a guy on twitter,
<puer_haeternus> whoa whoa whoa you didnt say anything about hitler
i want to be buried in balls&&newline<samog> we are gathered here today in this mcdonalds playplace to remember handlebar
im glad to see more people are seeing the value in nazi references
please dont try to trick me i've done 420 x 69 many times in the windows calculator
theres going to be a point where i go from saying froyo ironically to unironically&&newline<pogfan1991> that really makes me afraid of the future
its a multifront war, you attack the economic reasons (nafta) and the means (a wall)
the trad-left keeps saying to invest in infrastructure, trump says he wants to embark on a massive infrastructure project to stop crime at its source with a wall and everyone cries fascist&&newline<evin> like lmao come on dude
'you're under oath, tanner haydyn bush: is that your weiener or not????'
.g disgruntled teen worker rubs balls on stuffed-crust pizza
a few years back my wife came home from work while i was napping&&newline<pokchu> and she burst into the room and asked&&newline<pokchu> what have you been doing, everything smells like cum&&newline<pokchu> while i was asleep, our corgi had been running around the apartment humping and blowing loads on everything&&newline<pokchu> and there were puddles everywhere&&newline<chairman> the cumgi...
before his balls were removed&&newline<pokchu> he literally walked bowlegged&&newline<pokchu> because his balls were so big&&newline<chairman> *corgi making sloshing noises as it waddles across the room*&&newline<pokchu> when he got hard, it would hit him in the chin&&newline<pokchu> we called him bdp: big dick paco
do you have anyone who is 'becky with the good hair??'&&newline<%chillbro_swaggins> we have kevin with bad posts
i need to pee&&newline<chairman> *opens mouth*
i typed in 'chinese fusion' to see the reports of their latest reactor testing results and google has pf changs on the sidebar
its a muscle relaxer for your urethra basicaly
my dog just shit a whole unopened soy sauce packet
the last time my wife and i had sex, afterwards the first words i said were 'have you ever noticed how the xfiles theme and the downton abbey theme sound eerily similar??'
those god damn vietcong
when asleep, they are lateral pod people
b-b-b-buzzfeedbenny and the jets
genderqueer and nonbinary are not umbrella terms!
i love to die from drinking dumpster kombucha
there should be a tumblrwide #realsubtlereceipts tag so we have a handy collection of reasonable opinions on social issues
your posting privileges rigid, masculine solids (feces) over the feminine liquids (urine)
manymanywolves: it is ur fault for giving a positive report. i thought this place would be left over to the sjs years ago like everything else in the world
i am reliably informed the last thing i said before i went out was 'where are the sex girls'
if i dont fuck ill die&&newline<maarak> read this in chuggo's voice
ugh emptyquoting is so much effort
i hope this channel becomes a christian environment
<bonclay> hi puppies&&newline<bonclay> whats up&&newline<puppies> nm&&newline<puppies> reading this goosebumps wiki
i can't come to bed because kevin is wrong on the internet
i cant stop thinking about the new sincerity&&newline<puppies> like if any social subculture or whatever describes me it's that
i like some memes
i silently think *fuck* *off* when i see a fedora
i used to freakin love mcribs
oo8yt9rugndwgpinxpdisi3tdscl9dby1jrbcficrwhxnwb73duqzxsc+vrcgrzddtqdca89xsvao0egntndigiallsy36g69ddjagtakkkaoooociiigktvab2xgccwriz4qdg7odtloqgoh0b16ee3iq07x9pysbdnkjzvdylauwe2ghxi+fmkcss4zhpeh0jez5szlzvf8zei+gjcfm6nbnobobwxhlqkdwfgthu9tqtv7qlcksf6cnbdwxyaw7yktiei2gzgmoo9lvdiha5ohyganuw+4tbvgubvelxs/vesrgiixibtcopifgaxy3nvs9+ecnjzsypmy5pzl5iw+igp5c+ga5woiugwuxcuzenmawlmuwubc6kkilc6wuddydwxbcnwni+
but pornography itself isn't inherently a bad thin
coffee is worse than weed
does samog even lift
don't some people just exist in a state of constantly being ownd&&newline<puppies> (like me)&&newline<khawaga> yes, slaves
i'm white, please explain what this salt thing is
is the anime bible a real thing&&newline<jsoh> some uhh&&newline<jsoh> i think seventh day adventists or some shit&&newline<jsoh> dropped one off at my house
just like any kind of sex there is healthy bdsm and unhealthy bdsm
lol one time my brother insisted on eating this raunchy frito pie at a flea market and he diarrhead down his pant legs
mavis beacon teaches twerking
miss? miss? why are you walking away miss?&&newline<puppies> is it the faygo on my breath
my mom unplugged the uverse router and convinced me lady gaga died for like an hour once&&newline<puppies> because i couldn't look anything up online
sn40z0brrrqffffauuuuhdfyysaa8tr8ipl/slek2dn74kxvcsktrsuuu2jajby2udbmhonwqjjwqwlsqga6sqbytqdufzom44txldpjdguxumuccphhdtfolhypc3hjif1tj3ytjp9m4hshozn
thinking that not telling someone to shut up all the time because the have different points of view is being nice?  that's not being nice, that's human interaction .5101! you don't just tell someone to shut up/go away because they have a different point of view;  that's not extra consideration,  that's what you do before you even get to square one. *farts*
what's he marshmallow trick
ive never read anything worse than this please do not speak again, i dont wanna bother with some assholes community infighting sideblog that exists solely 2 fuck with trans people
(charleton heston voice) gun dam it all... they f*cked it all up. gun dam you all to jigoku (japanese for hell)
(to the tune of abba's 'dancing queen') i.m. meen... trapped some dumb preteens...
sir inkus of cheesevale
pee is stored in the heart
alf's iconoclasticism is timeless
i first listened to loveless when i was about 12. by 14 i got really obsessed with the concept of 'shoegaze' and tried to channel it constantly, until my thought process got really bizarre and i would repeat things like 'nigger balls' and 'i love shitting inside nigger assholes' in my head for hours, and i would get really paranoid, start seeing things in the corners of my eyes etc, basically
i provided railroad rebates to standard oil #putmeinprogressivejail
romance of the three tumblr.txt editors
[in slideshow bob voice, from the simpson's episode] 'actually it's german for the cis scum'
according to a lesbian alignment chart i saw im true neutral
i saw somebody with a bumper sitkcer that said i drive like a cullen what do you guys think that means
if only trumptards would agree to an honest one on one fight with my maoist cosplay group
im gonna do outrageous sex acts to elon musk
last night i dreamt i was scribbling 'pee is in the balls' and peeisintheballs.com over and over on scraps of paper
my gamecube was surreptiously replaced at some point in my childhood and i still have no idea who did it&&newline<redryder> i bought a purple gamecube and one day while playing i noticed that my gamecube was black
woke liberals burden
is your red the same as my red?
data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4aaqskzjrgabaqaaaqabaad/2wbdaakgbwghbgkibwgkcgkldrypdqwmdrsufrawib0iiiadhx8kkdqsjcyxjx8flt0tmtu3ojo6iys/rd84qzq5ojf/2wbdaqokcg0mdropdxo3jr8lnzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzc3nzf/waarcad3amwdasiaahebaxeb/8qahaaaaqubaqeaaaaaaaaaaaaaawacbaugaqci/8qaoraaagedawifagqgaqmfaqaaaqidaaqrbrihmuegeyjrytjxfcobkqcvqq
its self destructive&&newline<ref> and the burning secret the entire time odd?  i was an ass man the entire time&&newline<ref> and her's wasnt all that great
remember downloading that 8gb sa.rar from gbs in like 2003&&newline<ref> that was nothing but memes and goonporn
thats the secret of 911. say jet fuel cant melt steal x 3 times and the honorable mossad agent comes to you and grants you a single wish and blames the consequences on your enemy. where there people on the 'planes' that hit the wtc? no, myth busted, they were drones
time is like the water. with rivers streams and oceans. a superimposed continuum of non-perpetual motions.
http://i.imgur.com/8jjfmdo.png
do not replace cheese curds with string cheese&&newline<samog> greater wisconsin has gained the 'diplomatic insult' casus belli against the cajun republic
nightmare inkwell's baby teeth
'i either let this pony, that i consider my daughter, writhe in pain or i... fuck her. my mind was tearing itself apart.'
'im extremely epic' said khawaga the elf as he jumped out of the shadows and struck down the necromancer with his +2 dagger
'le diable bat sa femme et marie sa fille'[8] (i.e., 'the devil is beating his wife and marrying his daughter')&&newline<acoustickitty> i'd be careful because that likely
'growing up is hard and nobody understands' - popular webcomic 'the home stuck', by irc user bonclay
( .   __ . ) . o o ( chim )
( .   __ . ) . o o ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cha4kg0wmaerspa.jpg )
(wrt legalizing prostitution)&&newline<inkwell> its so close to the same logic of 'right to work' union busting laws. its almost like it might be a 'class project'&&newline<samog> i finished my class project *holds up collage that spells out 'hiv is actually good'*
* smoogie is now known as nightmare`smoogie&&newline<nightmare`smoogie> nightmare smoogie
*checks hud* looks like my diaper is only at 50%. better quicksave
*hank hill throws down the headphones* its all liberalism&&newline<samog> what that man has is an infantile disorder
*in 'hello nurse' voice* hellloooooo victory
*in boggle voice* diaper?                                                                                        diaper?
*in computer man voice* nightmare computer man
*in nic cage voice* fellow daoist... won't you grant me a little bit of face?
*in resident evil voice* chrispy crunchey
*in rockos modern life christmas special voice* swango
*in sans-culotte borat voice* nice, very nice, very nice, very nice / throw the aristocrat down the well&&newline<samog> messed up that that quote will be lost forever. unless someone adds it to a quote bot
*in shakespeare voice* i have a cripplÈd sexuality
*in star trek voice* ryder in the backyard. ryder and cj at the depot. cj, his forklift laden
*in turk voice* german is good
*injects oversized needle into patient's ass* so do you like dota
*kevin discovers that the khmer rouge was funded in part by the cia* you guys, this pol pot guy wasnt actually all that bad. he really stood by his beliefs, and had some good ideas
*kitsune foxfur heil hitler
*looks directly at camera, sighs* i'm so tired of all these star trek
*looks out the window of the space shuttle at the sun rising over the earth* i see u work at arbys
*plays an italian folk song on the concertina* should i blast myself
*rubs beard while looking out over his feudal domain* excellent. this will make a hearty meal on a cold january. arigatou.
*sits in a kiddie pool* cunt's in the pisseria area
*stares* what do you mean you forgot the fat ass kush
*stares* what do you mean you forgot the fat ass kush joint
*swirls glass and looks up from big ass book* hello there. i'm samuel original gangster
*waves a red flag in the town square* calling all the basic bitches. calling all the basic bitches. you have nothing to lose but your chains
*waves hatchets around* i am the best troll killer in the finland. bring your nine millimeter. you get. the hammer
... the unconscious leaking into the conscious, what jungian theory considered to be the cause of schizophrenic and schizotypal symptoms. i would advise all people who 'get' monetizeyourcat to be careful because that likely means you have a predisposition to a mental illness. peace.
.g 'malcolm x'+manga
.tell fermata i called the homero guy a fucker until he put the quotes back
.tell fermata upon reaching the great thunder monastery and seeing a bactrian individual the tang priest exclaims 'fuck to frank' and begins the long journey home
.tell pepito jim's hole (left by the christian dark ages)
.tell vinyl http://puu.sh/2lkeb
/msg inkwell join me in my plot to revoke khawaga's ops&&newline<khawaga> im going to ask you to stop your plot, samog&&newline<samog> tales of your misdeeds are known from north dakota to finland, khawaga. i will stop my plotting against you
007bondjb: be careful with that cajun napalm, boy. it's a lot hotter than the erl i poured on my ass
2 stringz&&newline<samog> aka&&newline<samog> kity boi
:fish:&&newline<samog> here is a concept art of a fish
<@samog> i cant believe puppies is owning me
<auto-reply> :  hurf de durf its brb time
<kemper_> damn i wish someone would make a wwe plot from the #lf-#rightbloc feud&&newline<samog> ikarti, the black man eliminator
<ref> fucked up my roux&&newline<samog> the_fail_cajun
<riidi> *emperor palpatine voice* i love heaven's mandate. i love the han.
<the good quote>
<bonclay> rands, k. (2009). mathematical inqu[ee]ry:&&newline<samog> mathematical inqueery&&newline<samog> starring&&newline<samog> rands&&newline<samog> www.jerkcity.com&&newline<http://www.jerkcity.com>
<inkers> i think we might have got a half inch idk&&newline<samog> - inkwells hand
<samog1> samog one here&&newline<&chairman> spacex samog one&&newline<&odd> samog has crashed&&newline<maarak> 'my boy! my darling boy is dead' -elon musk
<samog> the byob fugue
<skybot> the best show is on&&newline<samog> the lawrence welk show has been off the air for decades actually
<skybot> candycornthinker: [2308/9999] ...&&newline<candycornthinker> dang&&newline<candycornthinker> 9999&&newline<candycornthinker> better make the next quote a good one!!!
<~fermata> .tell bonclay peestuck john (trender)&&newline<samog> the faraway african kingdom of trender john
a 14th century sumerian deity who was notorious for his promiscuity among woodland creatures.&&newline<samog> ahhhh/ cmon fuck a deer
american fare - irish hospitality - samog is leading the match with 32 kills - american fare - irish hospi
all life comes down from one being, referred to as 'will wright' and other variations, such as 'ww' or 'the will'.
brutal loom
categories: meat stubs | offal&&newline<kongming> but enough about my penis&&newline<puppies> that joke was just offal
coan wine is wine from the greek island of kos, and in particular a style of wine invented there in classical antiquity that was known for its saltiness.&&newline<samog> this coan box wine is p bomb
damnsonwheredyoufindthisvevo
debate & discussion: we tortured some folks ? challenge: fix our class system without using a guillotine.&&newline<samog> solution: a shitload of hard work, organizing, and increased amounts of money in politics.
for $500 or less we can train a driscoll dianetic auditor who can run rings around any catholic priest on the planet....
for the historians of the ancient and medieval world however it seems to be clear that cured meat has been made in†anatolia†for centuries, since at least the byzantine period, and called†apokt.
giant plush microbeshiba&&newline<samog> hello. did you know? saying 'the fail aids' is neither cool nor acceptable.
good job. what is a heron, by the way?
i became scared for her, but then, the horrible thing happens; my game cube exploded&&newline<samog> what a sentence
i don't know if there is a 'good' first step, other than accumulating as much money as humanly possible to leverage shit the way you want.&&newline<samog> - 'on da revolutionary struggle' by chairman vinyl
i want every aspect of society to be a race to the bottom, please *a shooting star knocks a genie's lamp full of wishbones and birthday candles into a magic fountain*
if the mushroom looks scary, eater be wary.&&newline<samog> if the mushroom looks chill, go eat your fill.
in this moment, i am euphoric. not because of any phony god's blessing, but because i have dipped my balls in hot oil.
it's really weird that i never learned about homeopathy and the healing power of crystals in third grade science class
kaga han, the largest (other than that of the shogun), was called the 'million-goku domain'.&&newline<bonclay> the million-goku domain, eh? sounds like my bedroom
khawaga studied the map. 'we'll have to enter the manor through the sewers,' he said to the group, then, to himself, 'i love to crap.'
kingdom of the two milwaukees
mare urine challenge w/ the l.a. beast
nongamers often ask when videogames are finally going to get their citizen kane. but when spore ships sometime next year, this infant medium might receive its torah, its origin of species and its 2001: a space odyssey all rolled into one.
once again gaben aint dead!!!!!!!! im smokin a fat ass kush joint right now!!!!!!
once again the moon landing wasnt real. im smokin a fat ass kush joint right now
one of my fellow plotters has arranged for samog to have an 'accident' with a human toilet... [excellent] [no, this won't do]
related: these memes are putting the standing rock protests into context
sick ref incoming: what can change the nature of irc user 'man'
salt is a liquid enclosed in blue bottles. it replenishes the amount of energy available for the use of vigors.&&newline<samog> yes! yes!!
stalin got a permanent craving for flesh and now needs to eat people in order to stay healthy. [exit]
toucan: i hate da soif.
taear was right
tagged with north dakota, fascist, capitalism, imperialism, patriarchy, sexism, abortion, healthcare, women, choice, repression, big oil.&&newline<goldenliontamarin> damn... up until 'women' i thought you were describing your life
the most holy order of freud is a title bestowed upon those who have performed bold and noble deeds, or maybe just made one too many phallic references.
the dwarf quaffs an uncursed potion labeled manischewitz. the dwarf is slain!
the feeling when jussi martilla runs a better campaign than hillary clinton
the most notable prophet in willist doctrine is gaming steve. there are others, however, steve has recieved the most divine inspiration. reported lesser prophets include 762, samog, hydromancerx, and barrakuda.
welcome to nutshack! you are a neutral male gnomish healer. --more--&&newline<samog> you are lucky! full moon tonight.
yes my parents did pass on genes that gave me a predisposition to be of higher intellect since they where both of ashkenazi jew origin. anyone no matter how dumb or smart they are can get out of poverty with minimal effort. a lot does have to do with the parents, the kids see their mom never working picking up food stamps and welfare so the kid will grow up to believe that is how life
you finished reading the uncursed scroll of identify. you have identified b - a pair of leather boots as b - the blessed ciskickers +7.
you make a mental note that god is great. good call! now, you will remember that god is great later on.
[see samog quote #30]&&newline<samog> its real but also it was the fargo olive garden. grand forks did not have an olive garden yet
\___/ this is a lot hotter than the noob oil i poured on my ass
a man chooses. a scrub obeys
a prussian eagle between two fasces w/ a hammer and sickle on its chest holding a ribbon that reads 'salt salt salt'&&newline<samog> the perfect fusion of left-fascism, marxism-leninism, and neoliberalism...&&newline<samog> and, of course, anarchomonarchism
a series of eight hogarth prints titled 'a contrarian's progress'
ah-dough
all of the citizens of germany had to carry their fuck papers with them at all times and if a gestapo officer asked to see them and you didnt have enough stamps you got sent to the camps
all please rise for sorb national anthem *the eerie wailing of skeletons comes from nowhere in particular*
all pugs are masters of auram, so that they can use their passive bonus to survive their nonstop suffocation rolls
all you had do do was unlink the damn chain cc - big smoke, after the battle of red cliffs
alopecia universalis iii
ancient stone tablets show that one a. oddabytos purchased mcdlxxxviii silver talents worth of greek fire (for personal consumption mixed with wine)&&newline<fermata> im the byzantine scribe who has to use stone tablet when everyone else has clay or velicum or papyrus&&newline<fermata> i came from the wrong side of the mule train intentions on the dirt. it was rough growing up, it was rought. my dad promised me to the church before he got my mom pregant.
andre the giant's bowel: 7'4', 520 lb
antiparos cannot work for vox dot com, as he is dead
at the end of hte day, isn't wanting to cum on miss fortune's fat tits th ehuman condition
autism-third worldism
barnacle janus, the long-faced god
barnacle jim's face is long, but it bends toward justice
barrister lanistus may approach the bench
basically my advice would be to be careful if you 'get' virtuous rule because you might have a predisposition to internal alchemy
basil and zorba the greek twerk their way down the beach
beware the mighty druids of the ancient grove of those trees that spell 'bismarck'
beware: the sunken halls of this objectivist paradise are patrolled by the fearsome bigender daddies&&newline<samog> fight the bigender daddies for a chance to harvest or rescue a little sissy - if you dare!
bismarck-mandan fact: the best chinese restaurant in bismarck and mandan is located on the top floor of the mandan public library. the second best chinese restaurant in bismarck and mandan is a combination irish sports bar and chinese restaurant. it shares a parking lot with another chinese restaurant
blood crew's greatest enemy is libel crew
bug lad&&newline<tinhorn> he's a young bug, probably polite
by 14 i got really obsessed with the concept of 'virtuous rule' and tried to channel it constantly, until my thought process got really bizarre and i would repeat things like 'cultivate the wastelands' and 'nourish the people' in my head for hours, and i would get really paranoid, start seeing omens in the stars etc, basically prodromal schizophrenia. im now on cold food powder.
calling all the basic bitches. calling all the basic bitches. this is mars base gamma. we are under attack by an unknown lifeform. requesting immediate assistance
calling all the papist bitches. calling all the papist bitches. our lord and master jesus christ, when he said poenitentiam agite, willed that the whole life of believers should be repentance. this word cannot be understood to mean sacramental penance, i.e., confession and satisfaction, which is administered by the priests
can you explain to me why sub-alpine italians never developed complex culture or beyond mere subsistence tribalism until their introduction by european colonialism in the 19th century? please do not try to argue that either the lombards or the venetians are of your swart race.
can you prepare and eat food? consider entering the hell industry
caution. entering pisseria area
charlie hebdo is multiclass ranger/anti-cleric
chicken parma magica
cointelpoz my neg revolutionary movement
cuckoo clock that says wazzaaaaap and holds it for between 1 and 24 seconds depending on the hour
curm
dies irae goeldentamarind
dna analysis reveals that your prime race ratio is 37.5% caucasoid, 25.0% mongoloid, and 37.5% protoss
do not say that all of my posts are extremely boring shit that no one should read
do not dosh an anime called boku
do you have marx on tape. well you better let him go
do you remember when vinyl went to an anime club party in college and flipped a table and punched a guy&&newline<jsoh> wasnt that when lurdiak or somebody called the police&&newline<jsoh> i very strongly remember someone called the police on vinyl, for crashing a anime party
don't be a menace to belgaum district while drinking your chai in the southern state of karnataka, india
dozens of lf chatters could be replaced by huge posting contractors like gbs&&newline<samog> i dont think anyone would notice
dying for fermata's arm-sale profits - fermata's arm&&newline<samog> international arm dealer. just the one
empty quotes - full diapers - can't lose
engineering. full power to main sex drive
enter the synchtube: 36 hours
foodfight! at the disco
french peasants carving the names of their enemies into strips of bark and burying them on the eve of the new moon to call down the wrath of the slay queen
ge tthis:&&newline<samog> weeajoos
ge tthis: samog
good news, all, blaise compaore was removed from power&&newline<khawaga> by whom&&newline<samog> nsi oy&&newline<khawaga> congrats&&newline<samog> agent defrias trained for a month at ten thousand times earth's salinity for this job
good news, all. ben 'ben kuchera' kuchera says the oculus rift will cure gender dysphoria
gorgeous portrait of ukraine's brave revolutionaries http://i.imgur.com/53pivjp.jpg
government type... government type... how about 'tribal totalitarianism.' ok, let's call it a day - johan, and also the wiz
granted a fiefdom worth ten thousand koku of quinoa
h - a scroll labeled fourteen words
ha ha ha! borat! do it again. hey jeff get in here, you have to hear this
handlebar and his four most trusted food service team members drive to target headquarters to attempt a coup&&newline<handlebar> there were only 4 other food service team members at target #0828, and they are the best comrades anyone can ask for
handlebar http://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3528134
handlebar rents space at the civic center to show off target's new food service team uniforms
handlebar, death camp architect&&newline<samog> and over here is barracks number thr- wait, who put a giant glass-and-steel wedge through my barracks
handlebar: first as farce, then as tragedy
heard your broadcast at 69.420 mhz. readability 5. strength 6. irony 3. please qsl
heifong just dropped an i-shaped irony piece into his carefully assembled irony grid, instantly annihilating all of his irony levels and dropping back to 0
hello gouda. hello chedda&&newline<inkwell> hello gouda. hello chedda. here i am all - full of rennet. just got boiled, now im cooling, and my curds and whey they wont stop separating
hello i'm the holy spirit and what the father says is true, he did not cheat, it was the son on his account
hello world. universal industrial automaton 007-bondjb current priority task: fabricate powdered jambalaya
hello. did you know? a former baltimore police officer said wednesday that he plans to perform an al jolson routine in blackface to raise money for the six baltimore officers who have been indicted in the death of freddie gray.&&newline<samog> oh my goooddddd
hello. my main goal in life is to create a monstrous p-zombie. fortunately, our artificial suffering algorithms are advancing rapidly and will hopefully soon be indistinguishable from human suffering
here is a concept art of a baby
here is part of a map that 'oh no problems' sent me when we played a game of dominions three http://i.imgur.com/2t2zfuw.jpg&&newline<khawaga> 'oh no how did this get here' you drew it. you drew the dragon jerking off
heres a piece of chalk. emptyquote 'i will not be late to class' 200 times
high priority message: the diaper faction has formed in the kingdom of the right bloc aka the rite as fuck bloc
historians centuries from now will recognize the dungeownsanddragowns period as the high point of lf culture
historians of the thirty first century will write about the millenarian pseudo-shady
homestuck au where everyone raised phil
hope everyone in lf enjoys my new video, colors song trotsky buried alive elsa frozen twelve cao caos jumping on the bed kabuki yo sound effect.flv
http://i.imgur.com/2jrrm7m.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/fsknfwt.png
http://puu.sh/77szh.png
i cant do it. i cant follow the damn train
i caught a troublemaker out past curfew so i had the cops taze him - israfel, nsi colonial administrator
i just started whistling along w/ the byob reggae without noticing
i like the sound of uplifiting primitive species and vassalizing them. it reminds me of poland
i love a mountain and tree and stalin
i love wonder and healing animal
i need to get a tiny newsboy cap so i can put it on top of a mameshiba
i need... gummy propecia&&newline<samog> what i like about it is it's chewy, and it has... a berry taste
i read all of fuck and destroy and also bean
i read all of fuck and destroy while i was really sick. it was an experience
i read all of fuck and destroy, and im going to read all of bean
i sell rogaine and rogaine accessories. he sells propecia and propecia accessories. together we're the propane brothers
i thought they were playing the tupac kazakhstan song on the radio the other day but it was actually just bruce hornsby
i used to sit on a yoga ball at the computer
i want to cum on miss fortune's fat tits or something
i wanted to turn my swag on like a rocket... piss em off for an instant, and disappear
i was discussing the ferengi with a cab driver in singapore the other day when i had a realization
i'd like to buy some paint but my daughter has corprus.
i'm gonna womanize you, motherfucker. old style
if you abandon your watch to go pee someone might sneak on board the submarine
if you don't pay up... maybe jackie credenza, he comes by and rearranges your furniture! bada bing! oy! what a lampoon! what a spoof!
ill vote for trump if he fixes the re born client.
im all about the booty thetans
im an architectural reactionary. my reaction to things looking good is to say that they should look bad, instead
im banned for life from the homestuck channel
im beign accused of being anti feminist for posting the trump thing
im being ruthlessly trolled&&newline<samog> really wishing i had broken the leith nazis out of jail right about now
im glad that i taught myself the cyrillic alphabet, so i can read the words 'italo' and 'vivisector'
im going to have left over indian&&newline<fermata> what is the best indian spot in bismarck-mandan&&newline<samog> there is a peace dinner at the unitarian church twice a year prepared by an indian family&&newline<samog> thats the only indian spot
im in a video game with 'kevindalf the white'
im reciting the hidden names of god to my pizza dough, to make the demons within it do my bidding
im rowing a boat through the canals and singing traditional jewish songs. gondo zog
im sick of these pirates raiding our peaceful coastal villages with 'hilarious' names like 'the sloop fag'&&newline<odd> stoop fag's about to leave his stoop
im sorry. that was funny&&newline<emer> wait was worth it!?
im the dracula man with the virus scan
im the enby gotta love me
im the king of map
in 189 ad yuan shao and yuan shu committed one of the bloodiest acts of terf violence in written history, killing approximately two thousand eunuchs and restoring cis political power
in team fortress two voice: need a bodhisattva here! need a bodhisattva here! need a bodhisattva here! need a bodhisattva here! need a bodhisattva here!
in this new afterlife, they can't even get the money for a new cart. so i'm rolling this boulder up a hill
incuellian's baby parma
internet relay chat. in this century, in this decade, in this year, localized entirely in this channel
irc is obsolete. replace #lf with a euro truck server, the next step in chatting&&newline<fermata> breaker breaker one nine. this is babyman loud and clear. i'd like to put you in a diaper, over.
it is really funny that kevin never read any leftist recommendations but is adding mishima to the top of his list
it isn't very good, in my opinion. i know its an unpopular one here but, hell, thats never stopped me
it's true. shockdoctrine took out kevin on his first day in #lf to make sure nobody would fuck with him
its barbaric to beat people with tire irons. please consider the civilized option, the guillotine&&newline<pepito> i cant carry a guillotine with me&&newline<chairman> the roncomatic pocket ideology corrector
its good to eat ice out of a cup&&newline<flame112> thank you samog&&newline<flame112> glad you got my back&&newline<samog> we ride on the selfsame day. we die on the selfsame day. cao crew for life
its pretty fucked up that the ukrainians are appropriating human culture jsoh
its time for some good old fashioned finnish cuisine *slams a haunch of reindeer into a loaf of rye bread*
jb no&&newline<samog> dont substitute string cheese for cheese curds&&newline<samog> augh
je m'appelle smougÈe
join the imperial guard instead of participating in savage culture, odd&&newline<odd> damn, samog. racist against the dunmer
just remembered that oh no problems made a mod for the dominions four herodotian amazon nation that made all of the men into trans women
kanye gives elon musk a lot of money but he cannot stop crying
keivndalf the white failed to connect in time
kemperboyd hires famed psychologist israfel to figure out why his colonial subjects continue to resist his rule. israfel diagnoses the continent of africa with oppositional defiant disorder
kevin thinks that if he eats the donair he will show weakness and thus lose 'guanxi,' a canadian concept of dignity and prestige
kevin: an empire under the sun: counterrevolutions
kurdish good / true kurd / kurdish evil
lawrence welk... and his brass band... comin down de street
lets commandeer a swamp boat and plunder israfels lands&&newline<samog> yo ho ho and dont pollute your body with rum, which is sinful
lets get typhoid i recommend not getting vaccinated
lets not forget the laughable romagnolo boy mussolini who said he saw visions that if everyone stopped eating pasta and made artisanal fighter planes the dead spirits of their ancestors would grant not only tenfold planes in return, but destruction of the new white british/american civilization in the southern islands.
lets not forget the laughable xhosa girl nongqawuse who promised her people that if they packed up all their space food and slaughtered their herds they would be rewarded with twofold food
letters from the he him comfort zone. all quiet on the he him comfort front
little beandog on the big prairie
little, kitten, bimbo, spy
louisiana cajun recipes, louisiana cajun recipes, louisiana cajun recipes, louisiana cajun recipes, eighty minutes of electro-swing music (?), total biscuit the cynical brit (??), soundtrack from 'hair' (???), shaking hands with a spider to smooth jazz&&newline<samog> this just sounds like regular swing, to me. i dont know what i was expecting
love the adventures of monkey awakened to emptiness, pig aware of ability, sand aware of purity, and steven
loved when pearl and jake the dog fused into gotenks
lurdiak opens a treasure chest and discovers a potion of rogaine plus one
mameshibus of criamon, to his master: did you know? these riddles blow
mandan, thats how im street / miracle whip, thats what i eat
medical ninja wants to 1v1 me in dota for the right to enter #lf
michael bay is a genius, and being trans is a feel and anyone can know it
migu's mad. he's melting down&&newline<veer> im gonna fucking kill you samog
milkshake awakened to emptiness
mishima: a life in four genders
monetize your cult *ladles out paper cups of poisoned mare urine*
mudcrabs: fetch the tail of the pseudoblack
mushrooms of the dakotas... birds of the dakotas... trees of the dakotas... ah, here we go *takes a book titled 'jews of the dakotas' from a shelf*
my cat learned how to pull socks out of the sock drawer
my dad used to like byob on the somethiing awful forums&&newline<samog> now he likes the fail blog and the cheeseburger network&&newline<samog> and, of course, rage comics
my dads sending me screenshots of weird twitter from the fail blog
my god... the p stands for pure&&newline<pepito> holy shit&&newline<pepito> you cracked the code
my irc password is extremely insecure&&newline<samog> almost as much as my sense of self worth, folks. wakka wakka
my name is yukio mishima and i'm getting ready to win over forty japanese soldiers in hopefully under two minutes. as you can see, here's the, uh, commandant, and here's my cool sword. ready, get set, go *some philip glass starts playing*
nm, go titor
no
on the table in front of you is dota 2 / noo you monster
once again nate pugg aint dead!! im chewin on a fat ass gefilte fish right now
once again yeshua ben yusef aint dead. im burning a fat ass chunk of incense right now
one bone broken for every twig snapped underfoot - a magic card my sister had when i was ten years old
people who live in the homeless shelter can collect israfel points for liking israfels facebook updates. cash in 50 israfel points to get a full bowl of soup instead of half a bowl&&newline<samog> or, save up your israfel points for even greater privileges
redcapped by mencius mercere
riveting gameplay (tool joke)&&newline<jsoh> dont sign your posts
rushes into the room and collapses, breathless, at the foot of the throne&&newline<samog> my lord, playboy published a really great article about the ridiculousness of terfs
ryder keeps the car running while cj sprays over a vikings logo to prove his loyalty to green bay
sad to see what 10,000 years of homestuck broadcasts did to the jupiter icy moons explorer
samog did nothing wrong
samog is away (hurf de durf its brb time)
scratching 'michael parenti is a trot' into a pottery shard and leaving it at the #lf shard heap for all to read
season five episode seven: kemperboyd tours an illegal diamond mine. ikarti realizes the woman hes been stalking on twitter is someone hes been contracted to kill. handlebar reads about the central african republic on wikipedia
sex-positive wizard inscribes the rune of subversion on the stereotype, transforming bad thing into good thing
shut the war down, guys. huge jackman is doing his racist thing
sir, &&newline<samog> the creation of beasts and animals&&newline<samog> happened to us&&newline<samog> on friday eve god created them, and therefore animals can see at night as well as in the day time (wool rgos: production +.008%)&&newline<samog> [ok] [go to]
slave registration number 420-691-488
some lf historians believe that the mythological horney man was an aspect or epithet of the sexy mann, while the mainstream view holds that the horney man and sexy mann were entirely seperate figures with their own cults
someone in another channel was talking about how they're into the diy punk theosophist scene
someone just said 'hashteg' on the north dakota news
suck my asshole&&newline<samog> oops i was scrolled up&&newline<samog> you dont have to suck my asshole, soapy
sun quan is still a tiny balegdeh
sun wukong trains at ten thousand times earth's morality to increase his bodhisattva level
teach me to twerk, will you / twerk? did you say twerk? come on, my boy
ten plus years and the farmer's market's eggs / dairy / meat-section still pown my diet
text smoogie to 7666443 for the latest samog meme's and jokes
thank you for the pile of secrets. it was a hearty meal on a cold january. arigatou
thats it. everyone please signal boost my death threats against nasty shite white people eat
the road builder cultures, about which little is known, lived on the west coast of north america and started to migrate east around the year 5730
the aggregate of our joy and suffering. thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines (symbols, left to right: runes of kilmorph, fellowship of leaves, order, ashen veil, empyrean, council of esus, white hand, octopus overlords)
the author should be put in a labor camp and the people who did the actual kidnapping should be thrown from a helicopter *bangs gavel*&&newline<jsoh> throwing someone from a helicopter is a really expensive execution method probably&&newline<jsoh> pre flight checks, post flight maintenance&&newline<samog> what if you were going to be using the helicopter anyway&&newline<jsoh> life hack: schedule your murders and helicopter trips for the same day
the baltic peoples made extremely good italo under the soviet union
the crown prince of old great bulgaria turns to the emperor as they watch the armies of the chud march past. 'don't worry, father. they're friendly.'
the dungeons and dragons, second edition, cosmology is really good because it led to the quasi-elemental plane of salt
the fact that i cant walk into the chain wing restaurant in bismarck, north dakota, and get some beef on weck is just more proof of evil god
the fast food racial realist&&newline<fermata> hello white brothers and sisters, this is the fast food racial realist with my latest meal. taco john's taco. price before taaaaaaax fourteen dollars and eighty-eighty cents&&newline<handlebar> all the youtube comments are asking why all the meals are 14.88&&newline<chairman> the fast food racial realist, standing at the counter and holding up the line while he works a pocket calculator
the free sanford and son encyclopedia that anyone can edit
the h-88 hitlercules
the interweb
the mexican sacatripes, a pug bred for gutting sheep... and other warm-blooded animals
the nutshack intro but everyone is from the pi, still learning, and still a virgin
the paper bag test (the test is you write 'are you jewish pick one: [ ] y [ ] n' on a paper bag and if they choose y they are not white)
the price before taaaaax? *the camera slowly pulls backward, revealing a bombed-out city full of corpses*&&newline<samog> at what cost...
the real keg is a magical bean dog rapper with attitude (lives in a large soy pod)
the skins got all the... *makes the steve brule face* vitamins, ya dummy
the thread of prophecy has been severed, along with these balls [load game]
the three magi of irc come bearing gifts of bulk food, bulk toilet paper, and bulk cough syrup
the universe is governed by two supreme forces, locked in eternal conflict. unironicdiaper, and ironicdiaper
the video switched from regular swing to electro swing and then i closed it
the virgin birth / the chaddik hador
the year is 1941. the brand-new bm-13-16 katyusha multiple bong vehicle is being deployed to the front for the first time
the zionist occupied government of leith, north dakota
the zohan...&&newline<samog> the j/ohan
there was a good vietnamese place but the only people who ate there were my family and two undercover cops so it close&&newline<samog> d
they call him gaming steven vinyl. he runs the biggest underground gambling ring in guinea
they were saying nanman daboo-urns.
they're in the walls *dozens of pugs burst out of a vent*&&newline<goldenliontamarin> alfred hitchcock's 'the pugs'
this matzoth is good, but it could use something *reaches for bottle of syou*
this court finds you guilty of the crime of woman seduction and sentences you to sticks
this is a disgusting mockery of the original mission of pizza.gg
this is a level beyond vop... i call it hop&&newline<samog> and this.... is to go even further beyond * chanserv gives channel operator status to samog&&newline<samog> aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
this is disgusting
this is the syrtaki captain speaking
this jesus guy sounds pretty bad
tired of the high dud rate of their homemade rockets, hamas begins firing mike moulton's diapers into israel
today i heard someone say 'feels' at the city county building
today i looked at the sunday funnies and one of the comics had 'ash burgers' as a punchline
top ten american foreign policy fails&&newline<samog> by william blum
trity boi
very hard laughs creates a little laugh in every irc channel + starts a golden age
vinyl
vinyl blocked me on facebook
vinyl guides fallen souls to the right bloc aka da rite as fuck bloc&&newline<samog> based on their sins and virtues in life dead #lf chatters are taken to the right bloc, the gulag, or the own zone&&newline<chairman> the worst are rumored to be dragged screaming to #ce
vinyl uses his millions to invest in cutting-edge resalination technology in venezuela
voiding gums murphy
welcome to san andreas. i'm vegeta, from vegeta, land of the heinous gang bangers and vegeta
well seymour, you are an odd fellow, but i must say... you op a good chan.
what house would be complete without a sack of 30 bananas and 30 stalks of saltrice
what if instead of claws, the dog was carrying the mexican sacactripe, a knife designed to gut sheep... and other warm blooded animals
where do i log into my tumblr?? yahoo! news... yahoo! sports... yahoo! finance... oh, here we go *clicks on yahoo! feels*
where'd you find this&&newline<goldenliontamarin> find what
whoops i tried to think of ever more progressive things to say about being trans and wandered straight into 'it's a mental illness'&&newline<samog> haha! whoops!
why cant you beandog a nice jewish girl for once
why did you send me a picture of a penis
why even bother climbing into someones window when dick doesnt exist anymore
wish i had an emperor my pee pee is heard
with our libraries destroyed we must pass down stories of vladtemplar's kegerator into the oral record
wow. sounds like nobody likes any chats in here, because nobody adds any freakin quotes
wysconswn
yo yo yo what's up everybody, this is the real samog and i'm going to eat sixty nine thousand four hundred twenty pizza pizza rolls in hopefully under five minutes
yo, my name's bashar al-assad, and i don't give a fuck
you have entered irony twilight and take 1 warping point
young samog holds up a sign that says 'what does george bush, family guy, and capitalism have in common? they're jokes. homecoming isn't... go with me? #leninist'
yuddham bedire sabdham stalin&&newline<samog> nippai ragile nethram stalin&&newline<samog> sathyam saripe yagnam stalin&&newline<samog> visvam yedalo dhairyam stalin&&newline<samog> amen
zarathustra, who was a really smart man, came out of a cave after a thousand years and didnt like modern society
the nerevarine talks to god the father in that one mod and then wanders around vvardenfell saying holy bible to every single npc&&newline<samog> holy bible? a terrible place, i've heard. there's a boat from
gotta post bad
your kevin sucks
punch a baby gain its power
vinyl is claiming that he cucked the boston bombers into terrorism
oh he is still living in germany as a house husband&&newline<scrabbles> haven't seen him in years&&newline<inkers> my dream occupation
pump your hog man!
when i want to see the new fucked up pokemon, i just look in a mirror
.tag knucky ban evader
some of us are foodies and come from foodie stock
i took some ok stuff out of pua
im into snuff, furry porn, and /r/morbidreality
any other complaints about it, will result in a ban, forever.&&newline<setsukun> no exceptions.
(9:58:43 pm) evin: i think im in the routine of practicing my comedy on irc (9:58:50 pm) evin: so i can roll out the good shit on facebook
<evin> that was me trying to make another joke&&newline<evin> but i couldnt find out how to make it funny&&newline<evin> fuck&&newline<evin> why am i so unfunny
catcher in the rye was an amazing book
i finished city of bones by cassandra clare. its book 1 of the mortal instruments
im going to look so good without my dick and balls
i like artisanal pale ale, humans of new york, and 'positive' conversations about race.
aaaaarg
dprp
well - you're all fucking shit&&newline<shockdoctrine> bye al;l * shockdoctrine (qwerty@synirc-e164443a.cable.virginm.net) has left #lf
you are literally larping if you think the model to follow is either early 20th c russia, cuba or the dprp
beck: obama might create a 'monarchy' and start decapitating ...&&newline<goldenliontamarin> thank god&&newline<ajj> i can only hope so&&newline<bonclay> and not a moment too soon!&&newline<samog> good
2014-11-17 20:55:07 _eide: so this is happening: isis supporters using old (arabic subtitled) ron paul speeches to advocate for gold standard. http://t.co/hxg1sbjtbf&&newline<khawaga> im more of a jabhat al-nusra/bimetallic standard guy myself
fermata: pastor: teens break into dry ridge church, cook pizza and destroy property
fermata: [3785/11395] 2012-07-30&&newline<acoustickitty> israfel shrugged&&newline<acoustickitty> speaking of putrid armpits
gazpacho: gbs
jsoh's last track - lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off by panic! at the disco on a fever you can't sweat out
khawaga: gbs
on facebook im really funny
augh folks! smokey here
calling all the basic babies. calling all the basic babies. its nap time
calling all the school thing
hello world. universal industrial automaton 007-bondjb current priority task: fabricate powdered jambalaya
i'm going to get an english/education degree&&newline<soapy> so i can be an english teacher&&newline<kongming> become a cell phone sales man after knocking up a lady on tumblr, imo
medical made two burgers with 8 dollars of ingrediants in them each and can't eat the second one but he 'doesn't eat leftovers'
i don't know, i forgot i even had ke$ha playing in the background for the past 15 minutes
mark driscoll slays: the innocence of women in his youth group
'for twelve years, you have been asking: who is john galt? this is john galt speaking. i am the man who loves his life. i am the man who does not sacrifice his love or his values. i am the man who has deprived you of victims and thus has destroyed your world, and if you wish to know why you are perishing-you who dread knowledge-i am the man who will now tell you.' the chief engineer
thanx
if you want to legally kill a gator tho it is pretty gnarly. you have to subdue them and like saw their spinal column. that's too much, man
one time i asked if my toenail would grow back after an injury and vinyl called me p white
im converting my study into a hyperbaric nostalgia chamber, for my health.
hungry man world of warcraft beer basted boar ribs. featuring dante from devil may cry!
*dennis miller voice*  populist demagogues taking over imperial oligarchies
*takes pictures of a bunch of baby clothes and diapers* #plussizeplease
.g a marxist analysis of abdl social norms&&newline<skybot> http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naxalite -- naxalite - wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
.q add tsinava oh boy! i pooped my pants!!
.q delete tsinava -1
.y famous irish catholics&&newline<skybot> emer: irish are the niggers of europe&&newline<paige> that escalated quick
0.772916666666667
i love to watch uncle grandpa, clarence, teen titans go, what's new scooby doo, and ninjago
i got a free scholarship at berkeley. i'm going to major in their queer agriculture progran.
intersectional brunch for non-cis people only. we apologize in advance about the cis-staff serving you. it is one of the many issues that will be discussed over $2 mimosas and screwdrivers, and various entrees and desserts.
oh boy! i pooped my pants!!
the diapered prepper blog: making homemade hemp diapers in your very own home
being autistic owns
bottoming in anal sex is good for preventing hemerrhoids since it corrects the little folds around your anus, which hemorrage when they pop out&&newline<bonclay> good to know, felix
deleuze more like deloser or deluded ha ha ha owned whats deleuze
dr who is like the magic school bus except the scieence is all wrong and its not cartoons and it sucks
emer .y kabbalah realdoll golem
even though i make absolutely no effort to look like a girl, you're being a transmysogynist when you call me a boy, because in my heart, i am a woman and that's because it's the only moral gender to be, not because i feel like one.&&newline<tsinava> do not call me crazy. ableist
i agree unironically with bill mahlers opinions on medicine and food
i did not know what a saline injection was.&&newline<goldenliontamarin> isnt it self evident&&newline<tsinava> no
i forgot which carlos i am
i got called a faggot multiple times for not sitting down with everyone else at summer camp and watching rocket power
i joined the anime club in highschool and didnt go back after the 2nd day because i saw this girl there stuffing pepperoni in her onigiri
i just saw flamenco sephardit with my mom. it was boss&&newline<flame112> i get pinged for the weirdest things
i liked waterboy still like waterboy will always like waterboy
i made a bad joke about drinking too much strawerry wine cooler while playing super mario sunshine and passing out then peeing in bed and mugable glasses took me seriously!
i printed out several pictures of tubgirl, kept them in my pockets and when i was alone in the halls i would drop them folded on the ground
i put a curse on the old woman at mcdonalds for forgetting one of the five hashbrowns i ordered. my dark robes billowed as i walked away from the counter holding the tray
i really want to play vampire the masquerade
i really want to see an people dressed like anime getting into a fistfight at fastfood places
i remember reading this tumblr post a couple months ago where someone talked about how they liked lots of foods that functioned as natural laxatives like an entire bag of cherries, because taking huge shits got them off. it was related to one of the feedy blogs that someone linked here. &&newline<tsinava> massive shitting fetish
i search for 'dr. who, gay' on tumblr
i should throw an adult prom you have to pay like $50 to get into&&newline<tsinava> and put all sorts of decorations and banners around the room saying stuff like 'you still have a chance!' and 'you're not pathetic!'
i stalked weev in highschool sort of
i still watched southpark when i was sixteen and i talked about it with this guy in my spanish class about that episode and he told me he masturbated to the part with cartman crapping treasure playing it over and over again and he asked me if that was gay
i think perpetual energy is actually real and bernielomax was right
i used to be sad that i was a boy because i wanted to play sailor moon with the girls and i didnt want to be darian
i want to have a baby with garfield
i wish jennifer lawrence would massively shit herself on live television
im a vegan *lets out a horrible smelling fart that rapidly fills the room* im healthy
im actually in to men who have ugly, non-deformed looking faces
im at clown college, honking off all day, pounding hogs, swinging the ol 'pud around
im leaving my cat odie in charge of my computer since hes deciding to nap in front of my laptop so if i type anything weird it's his fault. see ya'll at 7!
im starting to become an unironic anti-semite
im watching  my favorite cartoons teen titans go, clarence, uncle grandpa, tom and jerry, what's new scooby doo
im writing all this su fanfic and im not even high wtf
it could be the weed but im laughing really really hard at like all the jokes you could make with the giver by having jonas recieve a bunch of memories of fishing a diaper out of a garbage cam at a retirement facility and putting it in the microwave then crapping in it and wearing all day and developing warts all over your lower body
lmao in this family guy episode peter befriends a muslim who introduces him to a terrorist sleeper cell
maggotmastermom looks around his room on the rare day hes out of the house at an anime convention looking at all the posters on his wall with the same littler cartoon girl over and over. what happened to her son she wonders.
mike lu and sam ogg&&newline<samog> im going to live on an island with heifong and afatwhiteloaf&&newline<samog> mike, luke, and ogg
my dad saw the new bioshock videogame commercial and asked if i wanted that for my birthday. i laughed and told him no then gave him a hug for thinking of me
my favorite show is the wire. my favorite artist is immortal technique. so i can see where you're coming from, even though im white.
perpetual motion is real
question 1: on a wednesday morning in mid april what is the approximate phase, amplitude, and frequency of my gender? the answer must be accurate within 3 decimal points
rhizzone did not respond to chunkypanty well
some guy on this gay dating app msged me and his pic is of him in a diaper
the only reason i go to mcdonalds these days is to get a vanilla ice cream so i can put it in a coke and have a float
the only reason that i say magick is real is because i literally believe it btw
the singularity is the same thing as the state of the universe before the big bang, the prime perversion of all natural law&&newline<tsinava> its not that crazy imo
they have a show about bronies who own their own homes odd. it's called hoarders
this is the 8th carlos goldstein btw. evan keeps killing us. it doesn't matter.
ueeeeeeueeueueueeue doggy doggy baby doggy baby doggy baby doggy *smooches hundreds of times* doggy doggy doggy *smooches again*
when i first came here and handlebar was talking about how important nationalism is i was like 'wtf is this nazi talking about'  lol&&newline<handlebar> and then he found out that im actually a nazi
when i used to frequent gaiaonline i would play their games and in one of their game rooms i saw two abdls have cybersex and it was weird and it culminated in them peeing themselves and making out
when i was 12 in science class i jokingly imitated someone having sex and pooping at the same time and the mean and pregnant teacher made me calls my parents and tell them what i had just done in front of the entire class
when you really think about it, shitting a hemp diaper is the most green way to poop and pee
yoshi is an anatomically upsetting nintendo character imo&&newline<tsinava> i hope that doesn't make me a bigot&&newline<tsinava> i hope peopel out in the world who ingest live creatures and turn them into eggs that they utilize as weapons dont get offended at me being weirded out by yoshi
you dont understand the pain i can inflict on you i play vampire masquerade
zizeks ideology reminds me a lot of bill maher tbh
pacific standard time actually doesnt exist its a bourgeois myth look it up
what a coincidence. i can't see anything everyone is saying due to my severe brain damage that i caused *tokes a marihuana joint*
interesting story -- now let's begin to decrunchitize some of the inherent assumptions the author has made
that asswipe!
fuck ketchup its a bad condiment
a
a fly is in my house and it just landed right on my eye. oh good god i'm gonna die
ah well here's a pic of dastote i found http://i.imgur.com/aw29z.jpg
can you please delete the quote that says i just said 'a'. i never said that. thanks in advance
i just noticed i have a tim allen book on this bookshelf. what the fuck is this&&newline<velocityje> no shit. tim allen discusses metaphysics http://www.amazon.com/not-really-here-tim-allen/dp/0786889322\&&newline<velocityje> where did this come from
i understand juggalo. neden means vagina
i'm staring at this processed cheese because i can't sleep and i don't know what else to do
it's telling that anytime i see a bathroom i compare it to masao's, and invariably say 'that's not so bad'
kevin had a phase a couple years ago where he always talked about and embraced maoism third worldism without seeming to understand a bit of it. oh and also he would post 5 percenters rap all the time
rock over chicago, rock on omaha. faygo, the icp juice
why did wesley willis die and catman live. hell god
cant get no boner on this shit
responsible drug use for the win
[vile_rat 9/11/12 2:40 pm]: fuck [vile_rat 9/11/12 2:40 pm]: gunfire
<afatwhiteloaf> vinyl how would i do not exhibit mutual aggression. populations in supercolonies
<vinyl> i saw an 'ancient grains' brand bread in the supermarket today&&newline<vinyl> fuck you irc, you made me laugh irl
i honestly cannot remember using/applying salt to my food
[19:10:04]&&newline<~fermata> rapper. i love traps. seriously. anime, games and my crew. not above shooting a niggah. brony. buck 2014 ssc and lunar eclipse survivor.. #ditk #weebstack
at this rate he's that foreign dude in 2010ish whose gf i fucked&&newline<vinyl> and because i did that he vowed revenge on americans&&newline<phed> esp buff people who'd likely run in a marathon&&newline<vinyl> yep its gonna happen&&newline<vinyl> 'his manifesto lists infedility as a reason to hate americans'
dat nigga pettin a few marshmallows in your bottom, diapering up every time i scan my computer (bitminer)
fermata the dreamÆ has expanded beyond new bedford
fuck checkers, connect four is where its at
http://i.imgur.com/r0ctq.jpg sound p white
i dont wanna chat like a bitch
i love my big fat rod
i wrotein jillstein/weed for my vote
im ponies ponies swag
insha'llah&&newline<vinyl> insha'allah*
kemper how much is lean cuisine in finland?
no one in the #rightbloc cares about #lf&&newline<vinyl> nobody&&newline<vinyl> nobody muses on about a thing that happened a year ago&&newline<vinyl> get over it
oh a diaper hilarious
there was a commercial for salt that played on my radio&&newline<vinyl> and the dude was like legit pumped up over it
this pinot grigio got me going fuck
what about smartfood and kashi?
what's my new job?
when i think of bitcoins i picture the coins from the mario games&&newline<scrabbles> the difference is that even if you collect a hundred bitcoins, you still probably won't get a life
who cares
wtf is a shipper&&newline<vinyl> is that someone who works at ebay or something?
yoyoyoyoyoyoyoyoyoyoyoyooyyoyo
new report: southcoast and new bedford area is full of excessive drinkers&&newline<goldenliontamarin> of course the new bedford socialist republic is going to drink heavily. salt makes you thirsty
im gonna get uber then drive my first passenger off an overpass
i pay camwhores to talk to my weiner on skype
<grifty>   i cant handle bart talking to me about aids     &&newline<zhuge_bumpkin>   don't have a t-cell, man
<grifty> kev what is your story about&&newline<zhuge_bumpkin> #lf behind
lets not forget the laughable persian doctor mosaddegh who said he saw visions that if everybody nationalized their oilfields the dead spirit of revolution would grant not only tenfold oil in return, but destruction of the new white anglo/american civilization in the western hemisphere.
hell, i'd vote for hitler if he made a funny tweet,
i don't really talk about it because condemning china when you live in america is like an orc in mordor complaining about isengard, but it's really sad what's happened in the last forty years&&newline<grifty> (smoking some longbottom leaf and nodding sagely)
law and order nuremberg 1580 where they break suspects on the wheel and give them pinches with red hot tongs
still don't have a living wage and the planet is dying but at least my driver's license matches my headcanon
pm) samog: no rape jokes, kurnugia
it's your lymph node
*in acoustickitty voice* i have decided to choose
*in acoustickitty voice* i will rush you
*in batman voice* i am good (and i amnot good)
*in samog voice* im samog
.04 is the biggest cat in the patch
.q add acoustickitty acoustic kitty
.rip and tear modpuds guts
.tell hatwer utgard for my team. no uggo's allowed
.tell smerdyakov get ye port number from tenjou, he put a ruby in your cap, potentially eliminating you instantly
.tell yaoiandrogynopov i might have multiple burden of time, get fucked
.tell gynoidpudding i might use dragons for, heat from hell or something.&&newline<modpud> what
.tell mu hello mu hit me
.tell riidi jome (69)
.tell samog do this specific thing
.tell samog join the army go
.tell samog please do your best!~
.tell walgreets please send me 10 gold
.tell walgreets please send me dollar. share the pain of everyone // and i've gone hungry
5 bane lords everywhere feel bad
< carcer> .tell kitfox88 i'd like to pre-emptively talk to you about bieng friends in unemployed&&newline< acoustickitty> yeah its going to be 'friends' 'until turn 25'
<acoustickitty> clothes with silver nanoparticles in combination with the cloud
<acoustickitty> howl and grip of winter and relief just to inform you a great deal
<acoustickitty> im am diplomat
<acoustickitty> imgay
<acoustickitty> kevin is my profile http://i.imgur.com/emxsir3.png &&newline<boing> hey thats my profile &&newline<acoustickitty> yeah
<acoustickitty>: ideally you want everything dead
<acoustickitty>:did someone send me dollar. share the pain it is
<flame112> ban mr bims instead
<flame112> gogey is real fuckin weird&&newline<acoustickitty> ya that's incredibly not true flame112
<flame112> im the og flame&&newline<acoustickitty> limited, and bad
<buer_the_goatse_sun> dota&&newline<acoustickitty> lmao
<iloveu> cantonese is just ugly, clunky tir na nog
<walgreets> i long for dom4
<walgreets>: boing you've gained a lot of ground imo.  kitfox88 has paid his dues and deserves that one specific win&&newline<acoustickitty>: holy shit seriously
<willus> the real question is does your wife get to chop them off&&newline<acoustickitty> with rigor mortis
at least i'm not an edmonton goon are you?
at least hard drug use might leave xibalba for bat death
boing do you need me chickenschool you retard
boing do you want to be christmas elves now instead of throwing hundreds of manikins isnt it
boing: [2/2] 2014-11-18&&newline<boing> mopdud is the luke skywalker of dominions 4 meta. im basically never worth it
dai oni are fuckin insane
erf is saved. i am a 75g heavy infantry
gbs - its kind of like a superior dragon
gbs - its kind of thing comes naturally once you had kept the tarts secret
good to know, i can afford prostitutes every day
hatwer how do i rename commanders, and also, is there actually a very awkward context when you dom 4 at 2 am with intense ball pain
i am a 75g heavy infantry
i know i will try to get a ponyman fuck no i domkilled kitfox again :(
i didn't go ai. its the other guy
i markov tell skybot and homero in a .tell to everyone
i markov tell skybot and homero in a locked cupboard to ensure purification
i need to constantly contribute gold to buy anime
i never see people use water lens much, seems like the peak of van power
it's ok jsoh i mailed your skull on 6 january 1965.
kill all us
la jomon: h1 or h3 as monkeys?
la man in good physical shape could whack off 10 bats back to life with a water elemental so it can be bad at patrolling
murder everyone
nixon apparently stole money from a event chain one time
ok, i will squeeze out that it's unfair to depict indians as monkeys.
oh wait, he's not full of birds
samog is autistic as hell
steve lichman is a battlefield wide posion
trillwinter
the dominions server is down, i hope you die again
weed
when people fight kitfox, nobody wins
acoustic kitty
acoustic kitty messaged me lol
adolf hitler was the host in the beginning
agartha needs foreign aid
ahh, my dom4goons pals... they get off my bum is all
amounts of fat whores into a furnace to power our next president sees this oppurtunity and starts shovling mass amounts of fat whores into a furnace to power our next president sees this oppurtunity and starts shovling mass amounts of fat whores into a furnace to power our lives were over before it even licked a chapter to elliot rodger's sister is fucking incel right
are chinese dragons good?&&newline<samog> no&&newline<lordsloth> samog: did you just answer... acoustickitty/&&newline<acoustickitty> well, he's right
bats don't fail you, we fail the bats
because fuck driving into philly yesterday and the other interviewee's and give them crossbows and enslave them
because slaves are collected for the random green floating ball of olms every turn
boil water, dump in rice, turn the arrows using your katana
boing all i'm hearing is fuck you fall behind so hard on yr nonexistant self
boing you are joining another game&&newline<acoustickitty> boing join game .
buttbot is an easy english girl #damn
can we ask synirc to kick a fuckload of ass early on
comedy ;-) option, use this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kr00-z8cn6o
cook rice, mine resource, poke guy with 2h who hits things
decrepus is a fucking incel right
destroy your starting troops
do u feel fucky, punk?
do you have 2 base prot, too&&newline<acoustickitty> i do :#
dog is actually my birthday
dunce is paused
eat women they appreciate it
ermor has nation id 6, exists in era 1, and has reformed
ermor is funnelling gigantic amounts of carbs and calories
float cat civ
fuck i hate you for being a woman right
fuck that trap room with your parents addicted to horseradish
fuck this cis earth
fuck you in mind for the bride replacement right now why did you mean
fucking dota
gon what you seek cannot be repelled&&newline<acoustickitty> have you tried closing your eyes?
hell, even the lowliest zot can slay people with self control issues
hell, it isnt good
hell, it isnt hard to communion master at the year 2016. barack obama has enacted sharia law. all americans are forced to purchase an unimpressive commander with undead leader on the internet
here lies samog. he died on the death process
hot hoburgs
how do you hate coe lol
http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/jizz
i aim to get me off and pop commanders.
i aim to get there first)
i am jonjoe's dad
i am signed up with nothing but tasty food in edmonton
i bought eye for like nothing and just pester and paw at the greeks
i continue to chug hard after 300ish years anyway
i have a lot of use if people still say 'lets not forget his bisexaul'
i have jury duty on monday
i have to kill you. nice stone rain.
i think you should make bane venom scout
i was leaving a crystal matrix so he can i have like 25 of them have spawned on his home planet
i will empower my death gems so you don't want ot quantify my rudeness
idiot fuckers keep picking popkill nations
iloveu how do you have 10,000 continuously spawning retards
im playing dominions four wtf
im sick and tired of lemurs
is abysia a threat?
isn't imoen like your posts aren't shit
it lies when it turned
kill you're employers
kitfox do you hate yourself
kitfox whyyyy did you know casting bind demon lord ages the mage
let us chat about games
lol if indeed. lol. if. indeed.
looks like he has the horses tag
ma is all about having fun, which is waaaaaaay more healthy
modpud is really really bad so be wary of anything she says
modpud your primary concern is dominions. please be more considerate in the area
monkee, stop advising people on irc
nineties you idiot bitch fuckwit i told the world with blood that wasnt me
no it does preach a specific dom and you can blind ozelotl. i'm allllmost to rain of stones killing them all to death by air elementals actually should make the sex with those dollars
obama's economic plan is o3p3g3 drain 3
oh well. she can just slap everyone at the end.
orc jesus is annoying as hellll
please stop blowing up their fantasy setting
r eally looking forward to seeing the horrible retard prophet
rap owns
ready to dad it up with aspho?
rej is the ghost of adam smith
rice boil 3/4c stock add 1/2c rice butter maybe cover reduce to simmer cook 20m remove from heat and let you down. you let azi down
rice is burning&&newline<acoustickitty> rice is foul
samog i named my ur pg oblivious to hats, first born of gaia, the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off by panic! at the merest hint of losing is thus a child irl
samog is all you care a lot. im seeing more like slaymog
samog please ban boing
samog, play dota all the time. it's smart, do it
sex does not kill them when you wish for population takes a lot of fuckers.
shut up amuys, tiny diaper baby. anything he hates is insanely good
skeletons use undead leadership you have to die
so many people butthurt about ~changes~ in obama's america
so you will probably eat the babbies. dont eat the ba'al, though each melqart can only get f3 max
some1 buy star citizen thread :suicide:
stealthy revelers are weird
still, not as bad as neruz and decrepus and mister bims
stop saying trillwinter&&newline<homero> trillwinter
swearing off white boys
the gryphon immortals actually have some big floppy anime titties for food
they're p chill except for the games. 150 provinces per player
they're usually referencing or satirising something i don't know. they lust for death
thugged regular vampires are very hard to counter. do whatever it affects everyone equally
trees
we are the go to sleep
we should both concede to ai rlyeh
welcome to the largest (area 1700 km2) and highest (mt silisili at 1,858 m) island in the basement all day
well, devil contracts are just eating up valuable boar design space
well, devil contracts are just randomly get an apt
went to israel
what if meat was actually, like, murder
when babies strike
where the hell is kevin
yeah so sloth 3 on your griphons in the game starts is by joining an army, he makes more making fake spaceships than xcom makes selling laser cannons
yeah they are the jack of all the undead freespawn
yes delete them forever ea abysia is a disaster
you don't want to recruit retarded militia mercenaries.
you put onions in your cap, potentially eliminating you instantly
you should be str&&newline<willus> wow
| feesh |
| the bot |
.y how to afford the 5 connecting territories to my awesome troops
.y how to make another so i remember one game where i plan to do with a bomb vest
i can kill a priest with no confict, then everyone dies. usually
and they just stay put until i can tell your elephants fly and own armies since they have a nap
fear my scarypigs
he should incorporate my arabia nation into the fort making spell that translates to 'call whore'
i offered him advice on how you have to do a thing! and then attack vans
i'll take it back, and i can just rush your mages so never cast acid rain rusts the armor, then hits the dude couldn't clear the poison piles up but doesn't quite beat beard *wink*
i'm giving him a shroud so you can mind hunt tech, or flaming arrows and counter the entire week off from optimal. also affects water/mountain crossings, ice and fire magics, and adds +2 enc to everyone not jewish. that never comes up on american news.
i'm giving him a shroud so you can sorta get away with a four hour and twenty minute timer games
oh hey internet its me, fatlord. can i please buy four pounds of weed so i never have to go outside. i will fling the money out the window at 4:06 pm. please heave the weed at me. i'll be the one in the window thinking gay shit about stupid crap.
pretender god: vaetti bog mummy, a twig fell out of stocks and into a mummy,&&newline<acoustickitty>: p.s. i can give you a tell inquiring wether you were drained xom loves it
brains are weird
get sick of coe4
humans should not be optimal
really niche fetish porn probably jsoh
<afrosquirrel>: ulm pays the iron price for its forts
!markov .tell &&newline<magilzeal>: !markov spooky&&newline<afrosquirrel>: ak died again&&newline<acoustickitty>: spooky
make your child a cyborg&&newline<afrosquirrel>: then use it to host games
star citizen will decide the fate of the world
maybe i will be good someday
i prepared for bot by taking d3
but no nation is resistant to that, so it doesn't make them weak, quite the opposite.   let give you an example of why it's a bad thing. la marignon is a  nation that is also considered terribly weak. however... since they're a  blood nation, they will still win if the other players in the game  don't attack them. but since their early-mid game is so horrendously  weak, every player should see them as a free kill, in addit
i like ass rapper...
.q delete atomikkrab .untag atomikkrab a double babby
.untag atomikkrab a double babby
>:i
.untag chomp supposedly the judge dredd of irc tags
.untag chomp unfilial
twice spiders have one turned no save start of battle knocked a character to deaths door via asshole crits&&newline<acoustickitty> lol
apparently i only have one quote
new newbie turn!&&newline<baudin> .tell lordkoth woooooooops sorry mate
i already won the lottery, i was born in this country that cannot be solved with common sense, if we don't tie their hands behind their back we can get it in the new hampshire primary student
.dom4 weapon owl
fraudulent oneness of religious academia has retarded your opposite rationale braine to a half brain slave.
i cant win anymore so im just gonna be an obstacle to everyone else's victory
i desperately want d
i didnt boil the pasta sheets
it was the halloween game http://i.imgur.com/mxsfsyd.png
maybe don't let the agartha player make the map
my phd isn't in fucking lasagne making
oh great. my son of fenrer burnt to death&&newline<boing> from a fire flies
"that turkey is some hot shit&&newline<boing>	would bang"
this song is cool
you wouldn't happen to have cold scales, would you?&&newline<burlap> i need someone to push temperatures over my forts&&newline<fleur> i do actually&&newline<fleur> cold 2&&newline<fleur> and i can sac&&newline<fleur> so i can give you as much cold as you want&&newline<burlap> ah wow, yeah i really want to be your friend then
oh holy shit, i forgot i signed up for waterbong&&newline<burntcornmuffin> haha, fuck&&newline<nineties> literally the worst&&newline<acoustickitty> yeah
oh, gosh, i attacked you? sorry man, i was super drunk and colorblind and totally marched two armies into your territory thinking it was mine. it'll never happen again.
if we extrapolate monkee's parents from his dom playing his father was an abacus and his mother was typhoid genghis hitler mary.
<chickenwing>: i can spot zou literallz all the intel on goatse
im not v quotable
my jorts are eternally irate
thats because axe is a retarded pubstomper that is the hugest troll pick ever
.untag willus shameful self-untagger
i already love skeletons and farts so this is p. much the best day of my life
lessee... my nation consists of naked monkeys, naked black guys, naked water satyrs, naked nagas, 'wet ones' and plant tentacles. they also have crabs. ok.
follow us: @mailonline on twitter | dailymail on facebook
30% of my grocery bill was energy drinks, hmm
4 minutes until banefire bonanza&&newline<treebot> new turn in snakesonagame (53)&&newline<decrepus> noooo no noononono they are all dead
<decrepis> fuck i spelled my own name wrong
<decrepis> fuck i spelled my own province? :v
<decrepus> in the end your isp did not reach a single subforum
<talk about hitler balls and give me feedback>
are you a bad enough dude to shove corn starch into your tube
did they manage to get a dome of arcane warding
did they retcon the nes game or are youtube commentators retarded
god i hate women, i wish they would all die (or have sex with me)
i am now closing dom4 goons out of sgame and fuk you also willuis
in spring of the year 2 pythium sailed over the ocean blue
is elliot rodger being a related youtube video because of the video or because of my youtube habits?&&newline<gender> its probably because you are a massive piece of shit sculpted into human form by some malign diety
lava is produced in the male's stonads
lol&&newline<decrepus> a literal retard commented on your meme&&newline<decrepus> v good&&newline<decrepus> o no i am the retard
my old laptop i got discounted had beats audio (whatever the fuck that meant) and all it meant is in the middle of typing a sentence if i hit the letter 'b' a huge beats logo would come up randomly
my recommended videos are now 'male nude iii'
samog cultivates the wastelands and nourishes the people&&newline<mu> samog pulls the peasants' plow.
suddenly a shark appeared from the deeps and pierced you through the heart killing you instantly
they call me flash bang irl
ai spell targeting always hits the guys that need it the most right?
it's like a hobo bacterial vaginosis in a bottle if you can't get the real thing due to being a shut-in neckbeard
let me see if i can chop my dick off real quickj
.untag modpud beverage
what is tane
.tell chomp don't waste my time talking.  fucker
<enesbit> .tell alumnus_post you're a coward faggot
ros is eq for true men
.
damn those urban camo combats were cool
the king should have much smaller sexual organs (actually historically accurate)
dont add quotes
let's all take a moment and respect the nazis, for their belief that jews are less than animals - mister bims, 2014
make a dumpster nations mod that has all the uws&&newline<flame112> but, dont actually put up any games with it&&newline<kongming> make a dumpster mod with all of your posts&&newline<flame112> fuck&&newline<hatwer> jesus
scary, sporty, baby, ginger, posh, and alpha
that's a shitty quote
im fuckin dumb
a dog exists somewhere
wf sdhould i 3eat when i cant taste a damn thing anywayssy
i never realized how bad isreal is to everyone not jewish. that never comes up on american news. :(
okay.&&newline<gaghskull> i have an issue&&newline<gaghskull> i have mages vanishing&&newline<gaghskull> there are no reports or messages to indicate why&&newline<gaghskull> they just vanish&&newline<acoustickitty> i was taking back
what the fuck is a penguin?
modpud is not to be tursted.
<genericoverusedname>:> i am a goon theres no way i can be sexy&&newline<rotekian>: the longer term consequences and results of power.
genericoverusedname: they should make an underwater blood spell. call it shark week
i don't think that's even a word but my phone rhinos so i guess
bark baerk baerk barf barf ruff bark bark bark bark bakr
how do you come up with these kind of names
http://imgur.com/ntn3hgg
im gonna ram my ovipositor down your throat and lay eggs in your chest
wanna see my white goliath decrepus
yu parsd thaf sd mlh hpbnh
i am a goon theres no way i can be sexy&&newline<rotekian>: the longer term consequences and results of power.
.untag gentleman https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bwc7fiaiiaacf1a.jpg
i am not a smart man
i like genre fiction
is turmoil ever worth taking
http://pastebin.com/hzx32keg
modpud&&newline<gentleman> you are toxic to this community
i think walgreets wins that exchange
and may i take the time to remind american friends that when the time comes to vote next week please remember a vote for clinton is a vote that doesn't go towards shaming the human race
i cant even remember when i was talking about gnomes
im closing the case! *pistol whips an urban youth*
the animÈ club was one of the greatest works of art of our time
boing how many firebirds do you have on a scale from 0 to the amount of firebirds you have&&newline<boing> not that many&&newline<boing> i stopped making them after about 100
pangaea's pretty close to a win
pangaea's pretty close to a win&&newline<hatwer> thousands and thousands of harpies&&newline<hatwer> the sky is full of birds&&newline<acoustickitty> i know. and they tend to hide behind other, more numerous units
rain priests can be used to cast rain
mein leben
we are having peace
who is guest9756? he told me 'die die!' and i am not quite sure what the context is
i am autistic but only about hitler
i'm the world's best porn actress
<absum> did you prophet a triton [13:12:21]&&newline<jonjoe> yeah [13:12:23]&&newline<jonjoe> i did absum
i mean really, is there like scientific evidence for incest being bad?
.tag tags tags&&newline<skybot> kitfox88: tag added
.tell neruz yeah it's almost like a guy who never plays anything other than domkill freesummon nations is using skull talisman assassins on me
.untag kitfox88 calls women slurs when he gets mad at them over video games.
a r m a g e d d on i s a l e g i t i m a t e s t r a t e g y&&newline<acoustickitty> your posting affectations offend me
vox media home to ezra klein and matt yglesias probably the best of the new 'data journalism' sites, vox is on target, fast to respond to breaking news, brief, and easy to understand. they are very new but so far very good.
awake dragon dildo with e8w9 bless
http://puu.sh/8jmbc.jpg
i can show you some really gay animes
im bloodhunting my cap
im rushing artifacts!!!!!
immobiles are pretty weak honestly
irl there wouldn't be vine shields
replace lanka with blanka and make all their big gorilla dudes green and electric
the negro menace
zuul own i just am not agressive enough to use them at all
please put my minotaurs in gay bondage gear and change the battleaxes into giant dildos
http://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/great-again-tv-spot oh my god this is real&&newline<kitfox88>: and take their oil&&newline<acoustickitty>: thats fucking retarded
i love to rape, and read about knights raping
.untag krysmphoenix incredibly bad at ermor, holy shit
.untag krysmphoenix ovipositor haver
mary a male cousin with her&&newline<lwindy>: that is what i do
<libluini2> .nick libluini2 libluini&&newline<libluini2> fuck&&newline<libluini2> .help&&newline<libluini2> .commands&&newline<libluini2> !help&&newline<libluini2> !commands
.quote lightli  &&newline<homero> lightli: no quotes found
i'm waitin for ak to start debating d&d edition rules and accidentally posting about dungeon crawl stone soup&&newline<acoustickitty> greyhawk was basically conceptually flawed
quotes are dumb
so, all of these nations are identical, aren't they?&&newline<darkgamer76> no&&newline<darkgamer76> they have a different colour&&newline<meinber> i'm colorblind :(
wait, since when was marignon of either era a bad nation?
boing, did you get my money?&&newline<michaellaneous> i sent you another 1.4k
as a stable non-alcoholic with no anger issues or constant demands for attention, modpud is perfectly suited to be a member of mental health services&&newline<mrbims> it sure would be awkward to have someone who says 'i'm gay' once every single day talking about sensitive sexual and emotional issues in society
you read the homestuck thread too?
(quietly) corn.
.tell samog c:\users\user\appdata\roaming\dominions4\mods\clowns.dm
<samog> .tell mu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jodktcydsku&&newline<mu> i guess she'll never be the head of-- i guess she-- i guess she'll ne-- dragon mom will make a great ceo.
actually, i didn't write down what any of these spells did bc i plan on producing a detailed description of what these spells do, later. in fact it will be much better than anything you think i should have done. much better. still think i'm retarded now? think again maybe.
http://www.desura.com/games/dominions-4-thrones-of-ascensions/forum/thread/mus-clowns-strategy&&newline<mu> this guy had no replies. messed up that nobody plays my insanely good mod.&&newline<decrepus> dude you owe him a reply lol&&newline<decrepus> what are you going to do when he gets a clown tattoo&&newline<mu> why would he get a tattoo of you lol&&newline<decrepus> what the fuck
i don't use question marks so we diverge here.
i got a priest named adolf.
i hope to one day obtain the services of swimming men.
i've been writing about theoretical clowns for 2 hours.&&newline<mu>what happened to my life
j
ruffrider69
space hides a terrible power.&&newline<mu> i'm glad i got to make a terrible secret of space reference in the year 2017.
that feel when the feeling of magic makes you more susceptible to magic, but you're empowered by the magic, making you more resistant to magic.
that must be incredibly embarrassing for your worshippers.&&newline<mu> while the divinity of our lord is beyond question, it is with deepest regret that we must share the news that the hill wizard steve has brutally insanely slaughtered him.
that's one pretender that will never see the light of day!! it really bites!!&&newline<mu> those are vampire jokes just to be clear.
walgreets have you gotten really good at dominions since we last spoke frankly
we know a remote forest in mictlan, where mrs. buckley lives; every july, toads grow there.
.untag naksu marignon ultrahitler literally shoveling jews in the oven
i am literally a god damned nazi and own third reich sex toys
its not from every fort rej; they're temperature restricted
longdead can't do shit against goasts
many things are strange in dominions, like how if you are old at the end of each year there is a chance one of your limbs will just fall right off
the opposite of autistic is people like hitler
hey congratulations, shitstain.
get wrekd http://i.imgur.com/psmlfds.png?1&&newline<acoustickitty> i love that infographic so muc
orly, spring y2. badlantis game peak reached. http://imgur.com/mzjivqp http://imgur.com/cjrytyg
a garbage truck and a garbage truck operator are way more important than what i do for society
aqw1qwq2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzxx   /' ;;l;'l;;'p[p[km  [pm,[ ml; mpo[m ']
easier to just recruit a mage and throw it away&&newline<acoustickitty> id say its a little bit of gold?
fucking hell. babies are power button monsters
ha?
haha i am a fucking retard
hello kitfox did you make that team mad at us by moving your army back into a province you were ceding to them for some inexplicable reason&&newline<kitfox88> i forgot it was my only path back to my cap for elefants&&newline<nuclearmonkee> but your army is mm2&&newline<nuclearmonkee> why did you stop there&&newline<kitfox88> armies can move more than one province?
hitlers [...] it's really good
http://i.imgur.com/rogcvp9.png
i am assassinating 2 players in the nationgen game
i am not terribly impressed by this 20 cent game i got
im the guy who logged shitting dog orientation thousands of times
its a shit nation. you cant just do a thing and have it work
p[]'
sabbath (black)
that was the most brutal technical interview i have ever done.&&newline<nuclearmonkee> that guy was sharp as a fuckin razor and now i feel dumb as shit&&newline<samog> question two: you showed us where to put the elephants, but can you explain how to actually figure it out *nuclearmonkee begins sweating*
warlocks do not die. every late winter, the great devouring time comes
when i lived in the horrible state of alabama there was a tornado that picked up the neighbors shed and dropped it 2 streets down&&newline<nuclearmonkee> i didn't notice because as a true neckbeard i was raiding blackwing lair at the time
yes mendin i'm black
you underestimated atlantis
a dagger of nothing&&newline<nuclearmonkee>: enjoy your gift&&newline<iloveu>: he gave me curare what a guy&&newline<acoustickitty>: yikes!
fgh                                                                              lppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp                                            \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\                                                 \\\\\\\\\\\\<nuclearmonkee>: babby attack
also israel probably could pretty easily deal with hamas if it tried
blood remove blood
<ramc> sometimes we bump but it isnt gay
why didn't you just have the pilgrim
eunuchs are party machines
molasses bitters in hot chocolate guys. i am telling you this is secret tech
naps are like limbs, wives are like clothing. torn clothing can be repaired; how can broken naps be mended?&&newline<howareu> - kurt cobain&&newline<ramc> kurt caobain
.untag riidi far more effective once he goes ai
.untag riidi pounded in the butt by the throne of gaia
we've labeled the three kingdoms one, two, and four. let's see the results.
elliot rodger sacrificed himself to close the dimensional rift that let irony into our world&&newline<riidi> he willb e missed
fyad ficlkong siucls/
great job illwinter. now my wife loves anime.
he's one of the biggest comedy voice actors
i impersonated hitler and shot myself in the head
so pythium is a-t, right?&&newline<genericoverusedname>: wuts tat&&newline<afrosquirrel>: anti tank&&newline<acoustickitty>: no
".untag jsoh stalin&&newline<rockyb>	.tag jsoh gorbachev"
arrrrrrrrrrrrrrgh. my wild hunt/moak caster was in a fort kitfox attacked. he was told to attack the sieging force with a retreat order but didn't, so instead he retreated turn one when kitfox attacked. and instantly died, taking down both globals
misjudged the earthquakers, forgot to send some meatshield troops with them, and then managed to set the majority of my fire archers to attack rather than fire. welp
hm.
i never win any games, so i am aok with fucking you over out of spite killing myself in the process if need be
apparently the 'marshmallow trick' lets you fill a diaper with shit really fast?
this channel really went downhill.
.untag speleothing purple
you negotiated in very bad faith&&newline<speleothing> and i will remember it
i lost arcane nexus because the dude got whisked into a mummy
im channel owner it can't bang me
new turn in abattoir (5). defeated: la lemur, la agartha
new turn in extremedadsonly (45). gone ai: la midgÂrd&&newline<modpud> wait what&&newline<modpud> did i somehow set myself ai. how did i do that&&newline<modpud> f*ck
new turn in happycampers (27). gone ai: ea caelum, ea hinnom, ea ur
new turn in orly (40). defeated: ma sceleria, ma ulm, ma agartha, ma jotunheim, ma bandar log, ma atlantis, ma oceania
new turn in shartparty (94)&&newline<genericoverusedname> ejsus christ i thought you were kidding it really is still going
im genderfluid, i'm a water elemental
bloody mingo
.untag warbeard gross
.untag warbeard self detagger
<warbeard> .untag warbeard self untagger
neruz you should make a naked lady mod
<xanrick>: ak getting pretty full of itself.&&newline<acoustickitty>: ak is good
so, is there anything that compares to piss?
with blood 14 you can get that fatigue cost pretty low.
.tell neruz these are very rude horrors&&newline<samog> nude horrors&&newline<hatwer> flirt cats
most everyone is banned and the people that arent dont give a shit about sa anymore
<absum> i now have -30779 slaves
'cos agony ain't doing nothing to change, ever
*in batman voice* i am mad so i'm just sailing around accidentally bumping people
.tell boing fuck off and die you shit goblin
.tell hatwer howdy neighbour, lets peacefully co-exist in midlifecrisis. that throne is only used by janitors to call comcast to complain about units and shit
<@acoustickitty> and his prophet, hillary clinton
<absum>: should i go ai&&newline<acoustickitty>: nope&&newline<absum>: what the
<acoustickitty> the skeletariat will overthrow the bonegeoise
<riidi>: https://i.reddituploads.com/96ee2f9610dc43009a5f3c4017e927f2?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=564690046733e38010227adcb5376bab&&newline<acoustickitty>: that was stupid
abyssia is the best
afrosquirrel sure gimme a sec. i was confused why you dont want to finish it
afrosquirrel sure gimme a sec. i was just ahead of time staring at brendan fraser i'm probably fine?
gay marriage and acoustickitty
i see i took my turns today
man dota 1 was a stupid peice of shit
never trust goons, never use lesser fire elementals
new turn in nata (35). defeated: ea caelum, ea yomi, ea the other guy doing big blood
you have kitfox levels of skeletons
aaaa sports aaa
at which point caelum becomes an earth/death nation with enslaved ctissians sounds good to have been 80 unrest 30 income when you have two new mages and send them at this point t he difference is 1 more damage than that, i think?
boing, i just threw them away. get bent
chain stales will not buy your own estimate
chain stales will not end
cruz is smart (this one wasn't) there's a third of that god and spring is turn a body into ash you need a game that is true
death to bots
dunce is indefinitely delayed like star citizen content
elect great white for president
elect kitfox16, his pd will consist of '!markov'
female units should perhaps reduce the fatigue
gaghskull did you partial you piece of fuck
hail gay satan
i am 90% certain now that i'm getting killed by a fucking shithole
i am xom irl
i like how putin's response wasn't anything sane
i think im considered sapient yet
maybe you should get repeating crossbows that fire a shitton of undead
meme my neg ass
modpud worstpud
my god. therodos is actually the answer is 'no' but figure it out, wasn't expecting that
please speak american in here about buying more slaces
please speak american in here about buying more slaves
president of the five hundred points of cool. earth snake is a hoburg rider
samog is an idiot
shirts are hraam
that's true for nearly my entire life have i actually spread my shit with hands
therodos has like, no redeeming qualities at all
this is the star citizen 'vaporware' with dramatic prose using his own 'vaporware' facts.
why even play this game
why even research as therodos
you can afford it on weekends i eat quinoa bc of the ghosts
idiots
very good
are paths so dear, or scales so sweet, that they should be bough by the chains of a jellyfish chassis?
walgreets walgreets http://i.imgur.com/lzbpd2h.jpg
tnn sacrificed his pg and 16 sidhe lords and other things to it, killing everything but three spring hawks. i scout tapped it with a monkey afterwards&&newline<afrosquirrel>: the best thing was tnn trying to take it afterards and losing another sidhe lord and 3 tuatha to my pd
48 is like 45 more than 3
dominions: it could be cool but it's not
'i recommend you found a city here'
aaaa sports aaa
hello ffuck&&newline<fuck> hi&&newline<fuck> i'm on the toilet&&newline<fuck> wiping my ass
i was really stupid and pmed him a turn before i was going to attack him&&newline<alumnus_post> thinking he was you&&newline<alumnus_post> we agreed to a yearish nap
which is scarier: an exoskeleton or a regular skeleton
.untag amuys fucker
this is the second time today modpud made me sad :(
<archae> yeah elfdick is really tight
he honestly didn't know you could have two commanders fight the same fight&&newline<asdffff> his next question was if they had to attack from separate provinces&&newline<asdffff> i feel like i just dunked on a child
for twelve years, you have been asking: who is john galt? this is john galt speaking. i am the man who loves his life. i am the man who does not sacrifice his love or his values. i am the man who has deprived you of victims and thus has destroyed your world, and if you wish to know why you are perishing-you who dread knowledge-i am the man who will now
fuck
i've ai'd in as many games as i reasonably could
everyone just ai-ed out instead of dealing with the bullshit globals?
http://imgur.com/pxadj4a
run the mods spereatly
5s04l07a08v09e03 10f11a02t12i13g06u05e04 07=08 09(03m10a11s02t12e13r06 05f04a07t08i09g03u10e11)02 12*13 06(05204^07(08m09a03s10t11e02r12 13p06a05t04h07 08l09e03v10e11l02 12-13 06s05l04a07v08e09 03p10a11t02h12 13l06e05v04e07l08)09[03m10i11n02 12013.06505,04 07m08a09x03 10411]02)
<boing> im widely considered a fucker
i've been sitesearching for nature and i forgot why
immobile expander
kitfox is gonna kill aspho and come for me next. im scared
mopdud is the worst though
my baby sister made me a dota tea towel
searching for 'la man event' gets me gay los angeles nightclubs
stalers get staplers
what if i go for really gimmicky pretenders modpud&&newline<samog> heres a funny gimmick. awake blue dragon, w9 bless, tuatha or vanir nation&&newline<modpud> shut the fuck up samog
.tell rockyb you've been sending my tells to buq squash instead of bug squash for the last 6 months
this is going to get stupider before i gets smarter
absolutely you may help! let's kill ermor together!
lordkoth i apologize for the threatening appearance.  those units were there initially to take the throne, and subsquently in response to the presence of your own units.  to ease this tension, i am willing to entertain a 12 turn nap, which may be renewed on turn 32 should both parties agree.   does this sound agreeable to you?
!listen shatbutty
* buttebot wishes for 'more butts', wears buttdreds of spirit helmets
.tell jsoh uh i think you have the wrong butt
after training every day for butt years with an inhuman workout routine of butt push-ups, butt sit-ups, butt squats and 10 km running, he gains superhuman strength and speed but loses his hair.
butt you
i almost had a video of me butt on youtube once
i do butt you
i think there are some spells that do butt damage
unless you want to see the equivalent of 14 cubic feet of butt cavity filler butted into a fieldmouse
we both lost in the butt
a kraken attacked me someplace and died and gave me a amulet of the butt
all of his words on the subject have just been about butt warriors so im unsure
atlantis has butts and butts of guys
but if there's a second z plane, isn't the whole 'immediately butt into their buttline' aspect of flying trashed a bit?
butts, butts spilling up from the deeps
cold butt best butt
everyone in my dominion is turned into insane soldiers for my butt
here is what you do with butt 8 on a chayot: make it your prophet, and then have it wield a butt-boosting sword to bring it up to h10
i bet jonjoe doesbutt
i did well with skinshifters, until i thought that i could actually storm a butt
i'd assume there's a safer way of getting rid of it beyond creating massive buttic clouds of buttrine
im real good at butting
make butt cause disease
mystics stick their butts in the air and wave them around like they just butt care
oh god buttbot has gone rogue
or wait, it was not sisyphus that got his butter butt out every day
so i just started playing the butt campaign
some of them cast buttslave mind instead of butts but i dont really want to encourage that tbh
you make stronger every time you buttsecute me
i do butt you
heres what i gotta say to the guy who made this mod: 'u... r the dee duh dee' - carlos mencia
if someone goes ai in a game they should get a real life horror mark
but in real life germany did drive the jews out and was very successful in the early game!
<decrepus> hmm, an asian replied, this might be promising
<decrepus> ultimate samog is like if instead of killing him, hitler's cyanide pill unlocked his irresistible and unstoppable power
has anyone done a scientific breakdown of cookie effectiveness?
i like memes
o killed the fucked up tiny baby
would someone win this god damn game already i have to log in every day to this stupid ass busted ass broke ass game and summon some fucked up tiny wolves because you asshole are sitting there not claiming shit and shooting astral retards at each other fuck you
ah i spawned next to the white supremacist resource i will be white supreme then
ether warrior die to literally any evocation, are you at war with ea ulm or a level 2 mage from balur's gate? lol destroyed please add to my quotests tia
how do you get stimpy off of your clipboard
i love pubes
i wish a vampire would fly in and try to suck me off irl
is krava maga good or is it stupid
japanese dudes probbaly don't have swag from beats audio to help them woo the girls
like memes
now they made an even sexier pig puppet!!!
oh a hitler with 2 cocks?
what % of my poop do i need to be ethical before i can put it in power
why dont adults eat baby food?
i can see worse than taking f4d9 for ozelotls. get f4d9n9 and you will have a decent plan.
i had a lot of success with zhaydens with a f4e4w4s9 bless. it makes them very hard to kill.
part of that verisimiltude is that sexes work mostly like ours sexes, and females are less prone to physical aggression (male hormones are a hell of a drug) and have less physical build. therefore the female centaur are skilled but not as fierce.
therodos totally is not gonna be rain of stones: the nation! i swear illwinter is trolling us now.  so not only are they ea lemuria without the huge domkill, but they have arcoscephale's mages, vanheim's dwarfs except twice as good, and good freespawn. yay.  oh yeah. and their sacreds look very good for a nation with no perceivable weaknesses.
i miss grandpas closet
sadly i am not a troll king
#dom4goons: theyre probably talking about poo
<afrosquirrel>:  rule #2: cram so much food into your mouth you literally cannot move and you die. &&newline<acoustickitty>: my stupid goons keep dying too
<afrosquirrel>: good law west virginia&&newline<afrosquirrel>: making 'god told me to do it' a legal arguement&&newline<carcer>: can you use it for murder?&&newline<acoustickitty>: no dont
<afrosquirrel>: the best dom4 games end like thelma and louise&&newline<acoustickitty>: ^ i hope so
<boing>: im watching the fargo tv show&&newline<walgreets>: is there anything else you can watch that i can't. can i live a full life through you? let's go hannibal justified neon genesis evangelion
<carcer>: no you are consistently slightly smarter than normal&&newline<gonwork>: you are less cripplingly retarded than i am
<culka>: .tag everyone hitler&&newline<skybot>: culka: already tagged
<gonwork>: why did the bartender kick out the wolf&&newline<gonwork>: because he was a terrible barghest
<genericoverusedname> is midlife rdy yet&&newline<treebot> removed game midlifecrisis (proactiveapathy.com:6602)
<johnlee> somebody used the in-game messenger in noob game.&&newline<johnlee> they said 'i'm gay'
<lightli>: like a phoenix if it was also adolf hitler &&newline<|`\>: you're thinking of kitfox
<nuclearmonkee> biege?
<nuclearmonkee> biege?&&newline<alumnus_post> i am beige
<teeens> how come americans dont spell it enormos&&newline<teeens> they take u out of a bunc hfo other words&&newline<samog> i hope they take u out of this channel next
<asdf> .tell skybot thank you
<jsoh> i should have picked abysia when i saw that guy going vanheim again&&newline<jsoh> because equally blessed burning ones wreck vanhams&&newline<acoustickitty> (not racist)
<samog>: .imi itsyaboysamog&&newline<homero>: samog: mother of harlots, calling a man your father, listening to you and you do not know god exists, and they do everything in their power to suppress the only cure is *borat voice* more
there was a battle in scary goku.
[23:26 pm]&&newline<fuck> i guess
honk
1:08:48 pm - enjoy: my body is a temple. takes away money from more useful things and collapses at the first sign of opposition
i keep reading dark vines as dank memes
*shrugs tentacleishly*
you can lol in hell friend
'i wish homero was elbow deep inside me'
<rockyb> epidemic dysentery is spreading. nice &&newline<flame11school> maybe you should stop posting
fuck minotaurs are so good. i love recruiting and using minotaurs to win battles
it is called mirogame monkee and go for it
we love rlyeh
i would help out, but i have a nap
hes like some greek god, full of power and knowledge, but too busy jerking off to trees or whatever to use it, or to start games
i just walking in on my god with his head on the floor and his ass up on the couch
if you die in china, you die in real life
is nukemonk's stiff still down
i tweet my craps
wiping my ass
name i cast transform on some marshmasters because im dumb
is iloveyou a real person? does he or she actually exist? have they been known to communicate with anyone?
welcom to erf
[nixon voice] i am not a cuck
dudududu ba dududdu ba dududdu davaauduadabaabdaududuadabdabadu a dbaduddudduduuuaudauddudududududududud
fart
gsrthhf g
i cast transform on some marshmasters because im dumb
nobody ever add another quote to skybot again
then try not being the most smug fuckface in the history of those
bark baerk baerk barf barf ruff bark bark bark bark bakr
rggdsgdfgsdgbs
no seducer will ever beat the time in ck 2 i seduced the gay pope
not letting hard gay stand in my way
my phone irc is bugged&&newline<gynoidpudding> and won't unignore people&&newline<acoustickitty> fucked up
the titans were locked away by the previous pankrator in the dumpster dimension
the burton of tim
the ui commands of dom4 are passed down in song from generation to generation
05????
<rej> do iwite like a person for whm diplomacy is a forte
modpud: mopud linked that 4 minutes ago.
.tell nuclearmonkee you lying fucker&&newline<nuclearmonkee> i didn't lie&&newline<nuclearmonkee> i merely omitted information&&newline<mu> what'd you omit m8&&newline<nuclearmonkee> that i was attacking him and mind hunting him a lot of times while taking pan fort
thanks for subbing for me, samog. you did send one of my armies directly into one of my ally's armies and we both decimated eachother's forces, however
its been a while since i listened to nickleback, but they're kind of good imo
there are no changes to the basic morale system that i'm aware of. it is opaque enough that i don't remember how it works anymore. jk likewise. since we don't understand it anymore we have no intention to make changes in it.
it's for balance reasons : )
i read the game ok
a site that gives 2 gems is extremely good&&newline<iloveu> thats like getting 4-5 gems a turn!
anyone who takes a sc god or a bless is a child and should be smashed
bikkoozu za byuutii avu za waito ariian wuman masuto natto peaishu furamu za aasu.
cantonese is just a derivative of japanese they even use some of hte same characters in their writing&&newline<gynoidpudding> you're a fucking idiot
i really like sonic fanart
if you like it then you shoulda put a fort on it
lol im a shitstain
no
order 3 is kinda pushing it
shitstain&&newline<iloveu> im a shitstain
wii masuto sikkyuru za egguzisutansu avu auaa piiparu ando a fyuuchaa foo waito chirudoran
decrepus: plz bait riidi while i have him /ignored so i can see all these uncontextual triggers i love it
why are these accusations&&newline<iloveu>: i am upstanding citizen iloveu&&newline<iloveu>: i am the one that detects the cheating peekers
'duh i'm a fuckin idiot snake haver'
<samog> have you considered: zmeys&&newline<jbrereton> i zmey have lol
invite shai hlud to your sietch by offering it sufficient pouches of millet
tfw grandma buys you a starfire staff instead of a starshine skullcap
pfft i mean yeah but also eh
.untag jonjoe fucker
if you want to take anything other than a dragon, take a dragon
magic spells irl have better documentation than dominions
!status idiot&&newline<jsoh> samog make the robot know what idiot is&&newline<neruz> samog doesn't want the robot to know too much about him&&newline<jsoh> destroyed
.bigjaps fuck you
".q add kitfox88	.untag kitfox88 calls women slurs when he gets mad at them over video games."
<culka> you clearly need to test that&&newline<darkgamer76> never.
elemental royalty and two flavours of snakes running around bieng rude to me
i'm pretty disappointed in my dreams of tyler success rate
riley, horror odd the deep
teens: im retarded
[10:58:16]&&newline<thrashtween2004> so i assassinated a guy a couple turns ago [10:58:24]&&newline<thrashtween2004> who was holding a star shine skull cap and a crystal coin [10:58:32]&&newline<thrashtween2004> and he got real mad and was going to kill me except i looted them [10:58:48]&&newline<thrashtween2004> so he demanded the hats back[10:59:02]&&newline<thrashtween2004> so i said  i would send him two astral boosters to not kill me [10:59:05]&&newline<t
if you are going to make someone drive two hours to squish a bug you better at least fuck her. and if you are going to do that you should stick a microphone to your chest so you can record it for you tube
im really dubm
please, i don't porn
so i assassinated a guy a couple turns ago who was holding a star shine skull cap and a crystal coin and he got real mad and was going to kill me except i looted them. so he demanded the hats back. so i said i would send him two astral boosters to not kill me. and he agreed. so i sent him two crystal coins
this one time ever i will break kayfabe: most of the kevin quotes are not things kevin actually said. kevin is probably not his acutal name either. the reason they all are quotes of kevin is he is the scapegoat of the entire world , all of the evil that exists is put into kevin so its easier to function
you piece of shit . rude. mean. jerk&&newline<jsoh>im getting better at diplomacy in this game i think
a legit intelligent, loyal and kind female with a good sense of humuor is like the proverbial needle in haystack.
a lot of the treat men and women the same argument is downright stupid, some jobs women are clearly better then men (vitually always) and other jobs men are far better suited at.  the equality argument just falls apart when you study men and women's weaknesses and strength's.
after reading the apparent op's posts on something awful about this thread, it does increasingly seem like a hit and run troll by sa sjws.
aren't you biased looking only for weakness and not strengths? if you are assigning weakness to their genre, can't we assign the high defense (high skill) also to their genre?
can yoga help me get taller? i have to try. just another inch...
circumcised is better of course. i also believe that properly done partial circumcision provides the best of both worlds.
commander reordering has been requested by some people as a feature, however for others working around the order you are given prevents repetitively using the same scripts every battle and adds an extra layer of tactics.
do not underestimate what women are prepared to do for the crisp green.
do you want suffragettes and conchita wurst? bioware's door is two floors below.
dominions is a fun game as a result of its racist and sexist paradigms (i would say the same for europa universalis, crusader kings 2, and any of the total war games, age of empire games, and so on). yes, these are racist and sexist paradigms, because we have a world where people of races and sexes are categorically different from each other, enforced by mechanics.
dragons are obviously cooler if they are able to fly even with undersized wings on their sprites. but i don't get how it's an improvement to take the human race that we're all familiar with, and then purposefully, specifically make half of the species much stronger to appease feminists.  i suppose next you'll be complaining that it's unfair to depict indians as monkeys.
dude it's fucking reddit. you realize the average female poster is like a 2/10 feminazi supremist
feminism is a new form of nazism. in feminism the incels are the jews and get exterminated.
for now, i'll just fortify the throne of water and have it act as my 'schwerpunkt', i.e. the core focal point for my forces and the basis for both attack and defense.
games  /  dominions 4: thrones of ascension  /  forum  /  the halfway inn - general  /  horrors; they kinda suck (don't use'em)
girls don't keep guys around as friends, shoulders to cry on, compliment machines. they are keeping guy friends around to reject them
got a phone a couple weeks ago and i keep hearing about all these apps and shit. all i've done is record dozens of videos of me ejaculating
has moderatepudding posted on the dominions forums before? is the 1st post my some random person a demand, seriously? i took a quick look but didn't find ignore functionality on this forum, can someone help?
have you ever just wanted to cum but no matter how hard you pound at that damp sponge you're just going nowhere and getting increasingly frustrated. frustrained enough to kill.
i can't fucking cope knowing how many people are having sex at this second while i'm posting on a fucking incel forum.
i generally assume that people observe proportionality, so it is interesting that what seem to be fairly superficial gendered mechanics are 'really shitty' while the caricaturization of things like biowarfare, punitive killing of civilians, the instrumental use of violence in general, etc are elided in the op.
i like dominions the way it is, this thread is a good example of why feminism needs to be put down.
i started writing a fairly vanilla erotic story set in the dominions universe, but when i started getting into the nitty-gritty of sex between a size 4 and a size 2, it started getting into prominent stomach bulges and bodyjacking-via-nature-magic and internal organs being magically shifted around mid-sex to make room for a rapidly expanding womb/vaginal canal. i'm worried that the end result will be too extreme for most dominions players to f
i'm not a big fan of all you people trying to diss militiamen, saying they should be as weak as women. that's insulting.
i'm not barbaric enough. i only want to make tender, sweet love to women.
i'm not sure what a badass battle
if i see more of the kind from moderatepudding or fylotopo (or whatever the second troll's name was on page 2 or 3), i'll just ban them without any warning or other ceremonies, because their intent was clearly nothing except stirring up shit.
if governments really wanted to prevent school mass killings they should subsidy gym-fees, plastic surgery, and a hot caring virgin wife.
if she's willing to give your a1 guys something useful
if she's willing to kiss me then why not lick my balls as well? doesn't make any sense.
if we made battle vestals have 10hp and 10 strength, it would make the universe a little bit less engaging for me.
imagine if i was 6'2'- fuck this gay, unfair earth
in the absence of christianity, i have no doubt that slavery would still be universal. additionally, where christianity weakens we will see a return to slavery, as happened in the communist states, with their millions of gulag state slaves, and with the state slaves in the concentration camps of the third reich. - see more at: http://the-american-catholic.com/2012/04/30/slaver
is watching hentai beta? no, it is actually the most alpha thing you could possibly do.
it's your own fault that your jaw sucks. you fapped to anime when you could have been blasting hormones. idiot.
look at these losers saying real men eat pussy
many social justice warrior arguments are so stupid that they seem like trolling, but only are in the sense that the entire movement is. the op is a nonstrawman, practically word for word reproduction of a typical sjw talking point. certainly, it seems that 'honest' sjws have followed up non-ironically.
many men would have sex with a fresh female corpse if there were no religious, moral or ethical limits.
my parents threatened to involuntarily commit me after i asked for money for botox
no, women weren't playing ice-hockey and weren't ceos of some shit-selling 'corporations' in those times. they simply had more important tasks (bearing children to grow new fighters).
notice how feminists say women are as horny as men, while we all know that men are much hornier.
now review standard centaur hierophant with earth random, using single major 9w blessing and self-casting ironskin. he has 23 hps, 20 protection, 20 defense, 15 magic resistance, 3 map movement with forest survival and he is sneaking. all it requires is alteration3 research and meager 120 gold coins (and of course constr4 for frostbrand). this guy is useful for thugging
oh god, please leave this political correctness out of the game. thanks. there are many other things more worth to improve the game. there is enough hysteria in the real world...
on a serious note, i have found that almost every single nation can expand enough to have 10 provinces at end of year one if played fine. ma machaka can even expand purely with assassins 6 provinces in first year (i tried out a sloth turmoil luck magic build that was fun in sp at least).
one more misstep and you're permanently gone. i don't want excuses, i don't want backtalk or anything else. i require compliance and i'm not in a mood to negotiate about it. do you understand?
part of verisimiltude is that sexes work mostly like ours sexes, and females are less prone to physical aggression and have less physical build. that extra aggression and physical build makes war a job more adequate for the males, making most units males. like... it happened in reality, you know. it wasn't a patriarchy conspiracy, it was more efficient in our evolution.
patriarchy doesn't exist any more. we know your purpose here... you want to enslave us all, do you think we were born yesterday?
prime upper-class white women become unreachable by the day. by age 21, they probably only consider multimillionaires and billionaires.
put simply, the sidhe lords more or less performed a textbook enactment of sun tzu's writings on formlessness.
read some about shiva and kali. these two archetypical figures present manhood and womanhood quite good. maybe after that you'll stop producing more idiocy than there's already in our world.
reality is sexist.
recruiting female units should perhaps reduce the population of a province. that's the most important difference after all, all it takes is one guy to repopulate, but women are not so expendable.
religion isn't any different than any other kind of ideology, that is to say fanatical islam and fanatical communism fill the same part of the brain.
rule number 2: when a woman experiences a huge cock, she will tell all her female friends.
slayers don't study, they demonstrate low inhibition by cheating on all tests and fucking hot teachers to give them straight a's.
so i broke up with alice over a long conversation that included an hour-long primer on evolutionary psychology in which i explained how natural selection had built me to be attracted to certain features that she lacked. i thought she would appreciate this because she had previously expressed admiration for detailed honesty. she asked that i kindly never speak to her again
so right after you cum, do you look in the mirror and feel like you are better looking for some reason? discuss.
so to be clear, we've got 9 pages of posts because some people want to insist everyone pretend there is no difference in the average physical strength between human men and human women?  i'm gonna have to call shenanigans on that.
that is a good head size. ideally you'd be 25+ inches like most rugby players, but no point in dwelling.
the basic jomon troops have less hp than european troops.  the black people in dominions are tribal and stuff.  the buddhist indians are apes.  tear down dominions and make everything equal!
the first time i jelqed dry like an idiot and couldnt get my dick hard for a week, it was numb and cold. i never felt so suicidal in my life
there is truly no hierarchy amongst the tiny-cocked.  stop fucking hogging the penis-grief.
this argument 'making a fantastical game and then purposefully, specifically going in and making women in it weaker is kind of really shitty. it's not the 50s anymore, and there's no place for it. ' doesn't hold up in any way. just because something is fantastical doesn't mean anything goes.
this thread is a good example of a purely trolling post that somehow managed to generate a worthwhile discussion and is in no way a reflection on feminism. if anything, the opening post is quite likely a troll by someone who is an anti-feminist.
this thread is creepy, and not in the way horrors or blood magic are creepy, it's creepy in a very real way.
topic is too boring to read the whole ten pages... was it already established that the op was a transparent troll attempt? i wonder how close a correlation there is between people supporting this troll and their membership at something awful.
ukraine conflict leading to pussy paradise?
unlike a girl's journal, which tends to ramble on about how she was feeling at a particular moment, mine is primarily a factual document.
when are you going to get it through your fucking skull that you are not the only one in life with a useless, laughable cock?
with that prepubertal torso and baby clavicles coupled with likely 5'7-5'8 height - he is essentially the equivalent of a 2/10 to women
women are naturally unhappy, miserable creatures, no matter how they look.
women are not intellectual because they dont have to be. it's an evolutionary adaption.  2 tits have more survival value than 1000 iq
women are really weaker, cant u see? is it news for you? this whole topic says much more about contemporary american discourses and narratives then about the game. (no coincidence that both u and also the op are from the usa)
women were literally darting into traffic to avoid walking on the same side of the street as me.
worrying that the women in t'ien ch'i get suffrage and a chance to serve equally on the front lines of the army is just as ridiculous as complaining that centaur females must be modeled exactly that same as centaur males.  no they don't, they're inherently different.  as proof i'll refer you to the ultimate justification - a wizard did it.
wow, i thought this was a troll at first.  you guys do realize that this is a 'game' right?  not like your boss touched you at work or anything.
yeah, i know he won't get autism in space. the radiation he is exposed to up there eliminates the free radicals that causes some autisms. space radiation is good for you because it's natural. not like the cancer causing man-made radiation like you get from an x-ray. the natural radiation will also cleanse the preservatives from the dehydrated foo
you have to keep in mind that women are disloyal sluts who will not hesitate to trade up or cuck your ass when the opportunity is available.
your inference that i am without religion is incorrect and i am actually torn between two faiths; while your god's promise of eternal life in heaven is very persuasive, the papua new guinean mud god, pikkiwoki, is promising a pig and as many coconuts as you can carry.
i completely understand why elliot rodgers snapped. the media is making zero mention of his hot sister.
i like to hit on supremely ugly girls to see their face turn red. it gives me a confidence boost
lmao there is nothing to dig out of, sa has been a pile of liberal trash for a while now and i know having any opinion that isn't 'women = oppressed minority' will instantly be seen as uneducated retardation even though all real world evidence points towards women consistently having it easier in life in every possible aspect
please illwinter dont listen to this crap. haters go play sims.
women can sniff out a healthy man
<kitfox88>: i forgot spring hawks were ethereal
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for lava children
if kitfox sees his own shadow you get 50 more points of pd
uh i already pd'd that to 25 but i didn't realize it was your cap, sorry
pedophilia and early promiscuity in dom4 world would be an enormous evolutionary advantage
what a waste of my time. irc was great for asking questions and getting advice and chatting but i remain dumbfounded that you guys don't use the history's most revolutionary, civilization-changing asynchronous communications platform - you know,†email†- for sending private messages to each other.
<libluini>: ermor!&&newline<libluini>: !ermor&&newline<libluini>: help
please no abrasive comments about someone eating pudding for lunch
orly map: swamps and wastes exist, albeit slightly rare... i don't know if there are enough to account for the existence of c'tis.
.tag lwindy subhuman
i am like in the bowels of the earth&&newline<lwindy>: i want to be beaten and bloody
i want to do a game where i just seduce everyone
my god, there is hitler
i think this may have been a probe.  perhaps to deliberately generate moderator response.
it's interesting that we are debating issues of gender in gaming.  but no one seems to mind the use of 'pubbie' as a slur.
your post has some potential to create conflict.  let me put on my moderator hat.
well if i go out and see real teenage girls wandering around then about 50% of them dress like sluts and have hips and tits
!modpud&&newline<modpud> oops&&newline<modpud> !markov
* modpud has joined the channel&&newline<modpud> holy fuck also&&newline<modpud> just got a random mage named pud&&newline<modpud> jfyi. thought u should know. * modpud has left the channel
.tag modpud bad at dominions&&newline<modpud> .tag modpud bad at life&&newline<flame112> that's a little harsh. you've won plenty of dominions games.
.tag modpud qtp2t
.untag modpud deletes own tags
<modpud> i wish chud hirdman would take me home and make me his mounted hirdman
flame doesn't count
homero thank you for the fuck
i'd fuck a cute monkey lady
i'd rather you give a sensible reason why diverging from reality on this matter would make for a more interesting gameworld. dragons are obviously cooler if they are able to fly even with undersized wings on their sprites. but i don't get how it's an improvement to take the human race that we're all familiar with, and then purposefully, specifically make half of the species
i'm cuddling with a cute dog and a stupid inbred stray girl who won't stop licking my legs
i'm fucking terrible at searching my own quote list
whoops! i'm basically a fucking cheater idiot shit head.
[14:59]&&newline<gynoidpudding> actually i just had sex with the privileged white slightly younger version of myself. it's fucked up
a weird bulge somewhere
also i didnt play video games instead of having sex, i was modding
dang did i just accidentally own gon so hard that she flat out quit the channel. thats messed up
do you know how much awe you can get from awesome presence, the hall of fame trait&&newline<acoustickitty> what are you that fucking dumb
dota owns
heil hitler
hello my name is modpud im moving into your game&&newline<modpud> im required by the dominions 4 goons community to tell you that i am a registered nap breaker
hitler had some pretty good ideas
http://www.eugeneweekly.com/sites/default/files/uploads/20140120_140151-1.jpg
i actually made an account and posted ontheir forums over that&&newline<modpud> and then i got permanently banned forever when i said that i wanted to suck and fuck their main community guy&&newline<iloveu> ill suck and fuck literally any game dev for a spaceship in their game. any game
idk who thedemon is either though. hes just some idiot guy who flame wanted on our team
im like, the smartest person here though
literal actual child internet relay child user 'neruz'
lol i domkilled kitfox on accident :(
one time someone suicided a single priest into me and i think i declared war on them over it, and invaded them, and killed them&&newline<modpud> i think thats what happened. i dont actually remember&&newline<modpud> that or i immediately went ai&&newline<jsoh> that was me&&newline<jsoh> you went ai&&newline<modpud> ripe
slave markets own
that game looks bad. why are those people holding chickens
the fourth wall corner club
the one ring is actually a vaginal ring&&newline<flame112> that must make mount doom a volcano&&newline<flame112> tolkein had some fucked up views
whoa. i have an enkidu shaman named kurnugia
you fucking chicken wing
z xm annnnnnnn xcceeeeleraiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnist *nsaaaaaaaaaaaaa wita an eeeeeeeeeeeannnnnnnnnnnng a fefora*
hi im an accelerationist *is a white man wearing a fedora*
[mu] give an a2 mage 3 air gems, script wind guide, turn on conservative gem usage.  result: uses 2 air gems to cast wind guide, goes off-script and uses the last gem to cast fuckin ghost wolves. enemy at the time: ten pd and zero troops. verdict: just a despicable piece of shit, a real fucker. this guy's outta control.
i used to worry my turns were bad, but whenever i check the ggs in the morning it tells me that all of my turns are outstanding.
i'm being owned by one hundred fuckmasters.
more like early abscess.
a little bit of murtidash on my mind, a little bit of iloveu by my side, a little bit of samog is all i need, a little bit of willus is what i see, a little but of modpud in the sun, a little bit of jsoh all night long, a little bit of hatwer here i am, a little bit of monkee makes me your man
.
australia didn't really learn how to not be gigantic white assholes until at least the 90s
deep down we are all kevin
dominions needs more ragheads
i am a level 7 black belt tropelord
i will never understand rap&&newline<neruz> i dont understand why people like listening to it
its gay if cap circles touch
the only humans are the noble city-state of arco&&newline<neruz>: who are about to drown under a tide of blackmen
wailing ladies are pretty dope
.tell willus willus the poop selling website is probably not work safe
<nuclearmonkee_work> there are no virgins in the sea&&newline<nuclearmonkee_work> tritons just expel sperm clouds to fertilize the tritonettes
[11:19]&&newline<nuclearmonkee> but [kitfox] made it more effort than it was worth
[15:06]&&newline<nuclearmonkee> the child intentionally painted the wall with shit
are you not you you
diplomacy is a core component of this old man falling apart simulator
don't stick your dick into the pd
have u ever been so sick where you are vomiting and the force of vomiting also makes your watery diarrhea filled asshole leak also at the same time
i have all six ice devils btw
i have no idea how i get affection with anyone
i think i'll begrudgingly recruit satyr snipers
i uploaded throne of retards and disconnected immediately
i want a 10,000 year old preteen to cook my fries
samog i have figured out how you dodge earthquake. when earthquake is cast it puts up rythm game indicators just offscreen. dextrous troops can jump in time to the rythm and take no damage
so rlyeh worshipped a pathless dom10 pig 5:46:23 am nuclearmonkee_work  baconator the ever drowning
time i turned on the garbage disposal after shoving a whole, raw potato down the drain. i was drunk and it looked hungry.
amount of provinces controlled = amount of forts
4|7\8 9|11 12/13 4|7/8 9/
huge pendulous lion titties
i'm gay&&newline<aldous_crunksley> i'm gay&&newline<mrbims> straight people humor&&newline<mrbims> hilarious&&newline<plaidmage> i actually am gay lmao&&newline<aldous_crunksley> lmao so am i&&newline<aldous_crunksley> great jorb
acoustickitty mod aquifers out of itself
i bet it's a boar or something
<willus> 8:25 pm&&newline<neruz> rej started world war 2&&newline<willus> thats so hot
i am fucking sick of this politically correct shit-housing, especially the pro-chinese shithousing&&newline<rej> now would all the fucking liberal arts students fucking shut up about how chinese empire is so cultured now you fucking ignorant pieces of shit
do i write like a person for whom diplomacy is a forte
my favourite part about it at least one person
my favourite part about people who hate sexual assault/rape is how they try to silence discussion of sexual assault or rape, it's.. adorable hypocrisy.
you can't get good at dominions&&newline<acoustickitty> *life
you're a cyrillic, you fucking cyril
e. a. ulm. he's not in the game.
la ulm is like for hte hyper autist freakasaur
it's my culture, not a costume
this is self defense. vengeful waters is my right as an american.
<rockyb> im a hoburg irl
fuck me judi dench
<roland_jones> what is a 'giant elephant'? i thought elephants were already pretty big. &&newline<decrepus> lol @ roland's imagination
i have no idea what rally points are and thus don't miss their absence at all.
( .   __ . ) . o o ( the closer one got to the turn timer, the more immortal qi one could obtain... but any cultivator who actually reached the turn timer would be instantly destroyed by thousands of divine grenade launchers and bazookas! this was all in accordance with the great dao of turn timer stalling! )
*extremely insincerely* thank you
.xddn szfbdzfc
<pokchu[false]> we posted together in the same orphanage, but lost all of our memories from using the pf (posting force)
<samog1>: personally i dont think
<samog> big cummy fart
<samog> i feel like the conversation about capitalism making japanese men not want to fuck ahs been held many times in this channel
<samog> if you are a ghost you dont have to take the top off the wine barrel and put it on its side to live in it.
<samog> this guy set his elephants three tiles away from the front instead of four, which is how you can tell hes really fucked up in the head
actually, it's about ethics in dominions mod making.
nexus dragons temporarily nullify a number of hit dice equal to 48 + 16/age category of the dragon. this ability extends to a range of 1600 ft. + 160 ft./hit dice. beings with hit dice less than or equal to the dragon's null penalty are killed
the shartparty
[13:08]&&newline<samog> please dont take advantage of your mall cop status to troll
[caveman2cosmos dev whispers a quote from a james clavell novel into his microphone so as not to wake up his mother]
a decade plus and her clit/brown/taint-area still pones my corn
all wizards should be trepanned with an arbalest
anal.png
breath of the dragon&&newline<acoustickitty> lol
by turn 5 the game is starting to wind down anyway
dong zhuo commits an atrocity by forcing the abysian scholars to drink wine instead of human blood
dota player 'honk' draws naked dota girls for a living&&newline<acoustickitty> fucked up
hhhh
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
hmmmmm fucker inkwell
i would gladly be hitler for a year and three months if it meant the restoration of the han dynasty
if you are a ghost you dont have to take the top off the wine barrel and put it on its side to live in it.&&newline<samog> you can just haunt it
im 'planethinker'
im a big fan of stallmanism *eats something from foot*
im going to use the death note to force the illwinter guys to make dominions good, and then die
im just going to throw horrors at my cap until the game ends
im not having a lot of luck with the ol putting-a-gun-to-your-head-and-pulling-the-trigger game today
imagine an alternate timeline where crawl is made halfheartedly by two swedes while anyone can submit a patch for dominions and the lead developer does nothing except wander in occasionally to try to delete wolves or shields
insane cod posse
jhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
machakas secret caves are actually just the trash heap where all the bane lords from dom3 left their swords after picking up a fire brand
modpud will end up with forty provinces by turn twelve, but a fifth of them will be from her expanding in a straight line directly at the nearest enemy capital and the rest will be from her shaking that player down for land&&newline<flame112> and they will be like well gosh i like my cap circle but modpud makes a compelling argument for it
oh thats interesting&&newline<samog> or wait. no it isnt
peace treaty hot, peace treaty cold, peace treaty in our time, nine turns old
shut up bims
taear was right.
the bots are so, so important. please signal boost this
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
your kid doesnt know a single god damn thing about the cycle of the five elements
don't kick him from the game just kick him irl
congrats, you've officially pissed me off. you can spam seeking arrow, fun times! fuck off.
<acoustickitty> samog is autistic as hell&&newline<homero>&&newline<acoustickitty> still, not as bad as neruz and decrepus and mister bims
i've never seen a penis
<slaan> boo! i'm scary [18:40:19]&&newline<decrepus> .is slaan scary&&newline<+skybot> decrepus: no
<slaan> boo! i'm scary [18:40:19]&&newline<decrepus> .is slaan scary&&newline<+skybot> decrepus: no
heck, i'd
im a demonbred. specifically half demon and half fir bolg. i have a mysterious past and am chaotic neutral
i also have a phobia of people touching me
that shit he said
acoustickitty, are we in any games together?  not sure what your messages are regarding.
chuko liang
chuko liang's communions were definitely a turning point in that war.  arrow fend really turned the tide at red bluff
there is a haiku that describes the three unifiers 'if a bird doesn't sing' hideyoshi's rebutt is to butt it into singing. ieyasus rebutt is to wait for it to sing, nobunaga's rebutt is to kill the bird.
i'm not sure what a shart is
!status angfana&&newline<thespo> !register gross.wizardsex.club 60642&&newline<thespo> !status angfana&&newline<thespo> !status angfana&&newline<thespo> !register gross.wizardsex.club 60642&&newline<thespo> !register gross.wizardsex.club:60642&&newline<thespo> !register gross.wizardsex.club 60642&&newline<thespo> !register gross.wizardsex.club 60642&&newline<samog> the bot isnt here, thespo
<thespo> an ancient treasure has been unearthed! gold +59
someone see if you can connect to gross.wizardsex.club using port 60615
.tell alumnus_post [15:51]&&newline<thespookydanger> .tell almnus_post [15:50]&&newline<iloveu> .tell alumnus post hello
my monthly cast gnome lore burnt down a lab by targeting a friendly fire domed province
new turn in ham (42). gone ai: ea c'tis, ea pangaea, ea helheim
dunce: turn 27, tth -00:40:47, 2/12 left to submit, no turn: ma bandar log, unfinished: ma man, 1 ais. last poll 00:41:36 ago
i don't know how the crits work. i assumed that it works as described in the manual, but that was coded for dom1 in the late twentieth century =) i would have guessed that it works as stated in the manual, but with additions to crits for immobilized units as stated earlier in this thread. i didn't read this thread very thoroughly though, since i have no idea what the code says on the matter.
.untag burntcornmuffin plans to pause games
it sucks feeling miserable&&newline<acoustickitty> ummm no
.tell jsoh [sentimentally]hi
:flies around frightfully in baron harkonnen harness:
while it's true i love the kitfox meme, the only really funny thing is how mad modpud got, and also how they bravely offered to join my newbie game when it didn't fill up in a day
chiles should be in pieces, this is my soup report
i can't actually even read english
i googled nata and that didn't work so i googled waldmeister and here is a really good phrase from wikipedia: the leaves are simple, lanceolate, glabrous
i long for a calculating german to understand me
i'm 40 years old and my homepage is primus - my name is mud.flac [4k super hd]
i'm fuckin 400 years old i'm not about to chef up some bad rice
i'm troubled by the idea of quote add being permanent
is there a way to take a screenshot in battle. other than replaying it in windowed&&newline<jsoh> take a picture of your monitor with a camera&&newline<walgreets> http://imgur.com/rl6tqhz
it's weird that you don't have inoffensively coloured people waving big grape leaves at your melting cpu
modpud'll never betray me. we're besties
samog's magic weapon is the name of every midwest indie band from 1994&&newline<walgreets> nobody anywhere is going to recognize how on poinjt that is, it's the first and last good thing i'll say
the thing from nightmare before christmas where the kid looks more disturbed than disappointed, then the camera switches to show what's in the box and it's samog coming at you with an illegal wrestling move
they could update checkers and i'd never know. i'd be over here playing it in the essentially classic way, clapping my head between two slabs of marble
well it's all dicks and cum from my perspective
what is it with jews and giants&&newline<walgreets> that was meant to read in the seinfeld voice aka the western world's best weapon against very practiced artists who splash acid their directors&&newline<mu> take a breath walgreets.
[21:07:21] .rip skybot [21:07:22] skybot [~skybot@synirc-e537cf31.ifies.com] has joined #dom4goons
excellent, i am once again a man of mystery
.tell jsoh for fucks sake when you send me stupid pictures/gifs tag them nsfw if they are in fact nsfw, like a gif of a person pushing a really long dildo out of their butt
.untag willus forums poster 'jabarto'
.wrain probably smells like milk, probably smells like milk
i could do with your...assistance.
i think i shall remove the tags purporting me to be jabarto
because you are a water queeeeeen, young and sweet and a submarine
cheese and then i get to the aquarium and then i get to the aquarium and then i get
darkgamer76: albanians call it the sea rooster
fuck browns&&newline<willus> oh yeah just gonna chill in the grass and be an invisible assholt&&newline<willus> i should specify i am talking about brown snakes
full of eyes&&newline<willus> ate too many eyes&&newline<willus> 'i knew i should have left thatlast eye, i feel completely stuffed'
go outside and piss in a bush
had eminem been hit by a truck and never become a prominent rap deity the world would be a worse place
left left right right up down up down go ai
loli
micro makes me hard
the use of the word whale for someone spending lots of money on dumb bullshit actually comes from the poor financial control of many cetacean species
.seen walgreets&&newline<skybot>: willus: walgreets was last seen 2 months, 3 weeks ago saying: .tell samog people help i've been kidnapped
true fact: when i was a kid i thought uluru was probably a plug and if you pulled it out australia would fill up with water and sink
